
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010637                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10637222559                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536824207323                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 275360                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   349909                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 182738                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67751760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 58210.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16028791827                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20368348262                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       142976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       236672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       142464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       386304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       367104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       365824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       208384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       364160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       142592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       388736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       236032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       208384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       142976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3731200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1056128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1056128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 29150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13441103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       336930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     22249417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       481329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13392970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       360996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     36316247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     34511264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34390932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     19590076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       397096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     34234500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       481329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13405003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     36544878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       348963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     22189251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19590076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       493362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13441103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               350768255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       336930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       481329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       360996                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       397096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       481329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       348963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       493362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6822834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          99286068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               99286068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          99286068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13441103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       336930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     22249417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       481329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13392970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       360996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     36316247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     34511264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34390932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     19590076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       397096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     34234500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       481329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13405003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     36544878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       348963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     22189251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19590076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       493362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13441103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              450054323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2211622                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841424                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808463                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237787                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19232863                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12130624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2211622                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1046250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2528649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        565847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1755397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1196066                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21354364     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154881      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195427      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310270      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130585      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168465      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195448      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89908      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283665      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19124417                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1879717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2516605                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336386                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14830321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19144232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         61943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1763147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2497970                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14739222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20581365                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68540416                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68540416                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3393315                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          192865                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721248                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387047                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18039416     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664970     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089735      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610477      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827803      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254954      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250300      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134628      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10730      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94433     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13036     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12357     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617700     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188562      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265188      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718734      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791889                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.540669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119826                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51600247                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158034                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13911715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721248                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5377                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114386                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549188                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243424                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915317                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718633                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.531155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13429520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13429420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8047623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21620823                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.526460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18304442     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645178     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960518      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477738      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437309      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183321      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181962      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86621      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244871      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       244871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37667695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29142443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                294184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1625915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.550892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.550892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60962574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18765449                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13711931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1981649                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1621191                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195126                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       809784                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         777537                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8898                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19078604                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11083950                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1981649                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       982122                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2311543                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        533600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       998509                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1168496                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195200                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22724607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20413064     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         107136      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         170380      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         231424      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         237546      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         201974      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         113206      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         168941      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1080936      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22724607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077685                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.434513                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18885196                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1193891                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2307122                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2705                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       335692                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       326184                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13598648                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       335692                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18936755                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        163012                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       911989                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2258846                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       118310                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13592794                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        16978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        51011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     18968993                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     63233740                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     63233740                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16423380                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2545595                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3358                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1742                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          355508                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1272276                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       689175                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8048                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       221238                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13576067                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12887500                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1929                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1511389                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3622282                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22724607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17228270     75.81%     75.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2294356     10.10%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1152227      5.07%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840414      3.70%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664871      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271817      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171500      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89337      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11815      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22724607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2643     12.39%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7874     36.91%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10815     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10838647     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192447      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1614      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1167837      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       686955      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12887500                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.505215                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21332                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48522867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15090890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12692212                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12908832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25857                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205237                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10348                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       335692                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        134969                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11621                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13579458                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1272276                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       689175                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1744                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9835                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113149                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110032                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       223181                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12708289                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1098583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1785486                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1805607                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           686903                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.498190                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12692326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12692212                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7285760                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        19636209                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.497560                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371037                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9573884                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11780962                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1798503                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       197347                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22388915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17517816     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2432984     10.87%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       902363      4.03%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430903      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384804      1.72%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209733      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168491      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82852      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258969      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22388915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9573884                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11780962                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1745863                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1067036                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1698907                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10614517                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       242665                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       258969                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35709346                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          27494653                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                290522                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2784321                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9573884                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11780962                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9573884                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.664428                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.664428                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.375315                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.375315                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       57195085                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      17680139                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12606868                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1737101                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1555997                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139442                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1164411                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1148945                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100287                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4078                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18444299                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              9881922                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1737101                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1249232                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2201570                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        461971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       765649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1116961                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136490                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     21733297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       19531727     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         340710      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         165496      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         336830      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         102135      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         312981      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          47751      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          78036      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         817631      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     21733297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068098                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.387391                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18278764                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       935722                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2197048                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1769                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       319990                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       158815                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1789                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     11009126                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4349                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       319990                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18298335                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        605807                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       269662                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2177306                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        62193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     10991331                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        47529                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     14355011                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     49743786                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     49743786                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     11577777                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2777234                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1426                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          725                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          144548                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2024658                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       312112                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1988                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        70466                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         10932302                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1430                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        10218539                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7303                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2021357                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4153609                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21733297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17256576     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1384135      6.37%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1526466      7.02%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       874177      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       444359      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112393      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129404      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3180      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2607      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21733297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16802     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6930     23.62%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5612     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7984338     78.14%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77209      0.76%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          702      0.01%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1847565     18.08%     96.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308725      3.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     10218539                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.400587                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29344                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42207022                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12955122                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9954230                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     10247883                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7821                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       419820                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9065                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       319990                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        534491                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7551                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10933740                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2024658                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312112                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          723                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          207                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93766                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53969                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       147735                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10090905                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1821795                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       127634                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2130488                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1536422                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           308693                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.395583                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              9956993                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             9954230                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6030363                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        12967976                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.390225                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.465020                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7935063                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      8897570                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2036624                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1415                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       138378                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21413307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18119551     84.62%     84.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1280857      5.98%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       835218      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       261167      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       440981      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83859      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52879      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48077      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290718      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21413307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      7935063                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      8897570                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1907885                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1604838                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               706                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1368426                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         7765073                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       107903                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       290718                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           32056757                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          22188632                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                417916                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3775631                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           7935063                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             8897570                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      7935063                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.214710                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.214710                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.311070                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.311070                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       46967484                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      12928250                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      11757134                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1414                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1978926                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1619167                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194936                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       808680                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776222                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204120                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8876                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19052578                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11069734                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1978926                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       980342                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2308796                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        533759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       986653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1167016                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194913                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     22685044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20376248     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         107006      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         170674      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         230673      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         237542      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         201754      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         112911      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         167779      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1080457      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     22685044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077578                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.433955                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18859447                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1182443                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2304435                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2670                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       336048                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       325540                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13582136                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1526                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       336048                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18911127                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        157283                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       906028                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2256020                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       118535                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13576529                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        16831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        51202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     18942840                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     63158139                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     63158139                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16394854                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2547986                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1739                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          357007                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1271411                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       687804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8015                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       220781                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13560139                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12869023                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1918                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1515899                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3632455                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22685044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17197827     75.81%     75.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2291000     10.10%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1148828      5.06%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       838591      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664926      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271318      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171412      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89308      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11834      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22685044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2653     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7859     36.91%     49.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10778     50.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10824456     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192062      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1611      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1165385      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       685509      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12869023                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.504491                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21290                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001654                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48446298                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15079459                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12673859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12890313                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       206201                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10154                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       336048                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        129497                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13563519                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          606                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1271411                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       687804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9693                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112902                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109939                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       222841                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12689741                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1096453                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1781908                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1802247                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           685455                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.497463                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12673979                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12673859                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7275798                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        19613522                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.496840                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370958                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9557216                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11760557                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1802964                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3247                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       197151                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22348996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17485947     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2429246     10.87%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       900366      4.03%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430451      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384468      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209422      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       167917      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82690      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258489      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22348996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9557216                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11760557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1742860                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1065210                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1620                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1696003                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10596137                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       242263                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       258489                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35653963                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27463108                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                290221                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2823884                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9557216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11760557                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9557216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.669075                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.669075                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374662                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374662                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       57112537                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17653398                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12589701                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1746192                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1575193                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93040                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       647763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         620800                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          95920                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4080                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18514971                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10980744                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1746192                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       716720                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2170200                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        294055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2372292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1063838                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93316                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23256191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21085991     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          77215      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         157718      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          67186      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         359172      1.54%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         321863      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          61563      0.26%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         130294      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         995189      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23256191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068454                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430467                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18324105                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2564564                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2162169                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         6855                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       198493                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       153551                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12874765                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1451                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       198493                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18348932                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2369465                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       110413                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2146736                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        82147                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12867077                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           37                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        41949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        27360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          486                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     15114018                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     60597385                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     60597385                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     13365366                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1748647                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1502                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          765                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          192409                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3034019                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1533142                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14163                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        74787                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12839949                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1507                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12327747                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7087                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1017207                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2453105                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23256191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18830966     80.97%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1348475      5.80%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1095078      4.71%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       472082      2.03%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       590829      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       559716      2.41%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318060      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25266      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15719      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23256191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30979     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237084     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6929      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7734478     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107727      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          737      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2955644     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1529161     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12327747                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.483272                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274992                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48193764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13859006                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12221813                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12602739                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22478                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       121408                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10389                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1085                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       198493                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2307335                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23033                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12841463                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3034019                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1533142                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14187                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55619                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       108627                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12241630                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2946221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86117                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            4475218                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1603198                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1528997                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.479896                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12222203                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12221813                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6605055                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        13044270                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.479119                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506357                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9920779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11658164                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1184699                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        94846                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23057698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18813870     81.59%     81.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1561589      6.77%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       727569      3.16%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       715958      3.11%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       197271      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       819129      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62046      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45570      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114696      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23057698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9920779                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11658164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4435361                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             2912608                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1538853                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10367328                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       112791                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       114696                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           35785839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          25884263                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                399003                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2252737                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9920779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11658164                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9920779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.571263                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.571263                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.388914                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.388914                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       60516841                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      14197377                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15323819                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1783686                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1458867                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177314                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       756759                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         702913                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183251                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7960                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17331059                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10117602                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1783686                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       886164                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2120072                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        514103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       899648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1068096                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178115                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     20683733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       18563661     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         115076      0.56%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         181555      0.88%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         287351      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         120082      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         134923      0.65%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         142604      0.69%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          93794      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1044687      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     20683733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.069924                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.396630                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       17166736                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1065695                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2113372                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         5266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       332662                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       292089                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          268                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12354219                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1582                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       332662                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       17193065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        241977                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       747059                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2092852                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        76116                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12344909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         2432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        21224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        28217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4843                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     17135809                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     57419517                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     57419517                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     14598631                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2537178                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3161                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1748                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          228255                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1180266                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       633236                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19009                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       143303                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12325623                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11659678                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15785                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1573340                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3515467                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          324                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20683733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15763713     76.21%     76.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1977698      9.56%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1078709      5.22%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       736821      3.56%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       686842      3.32%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       197680      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153729      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52371      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36170      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20683733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2792     12.94%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8227     38.14%     51.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10550     48.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9766460     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       183974      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1412      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1079403      9.26%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       628429      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11659678                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.457082                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21569                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001850                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44040443                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13902290                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11468743                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11681247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34700                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216840                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          164                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20632                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          749                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       332662                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        167074                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10740                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12328817                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1180266                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       633236                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1748                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8011                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          164                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103147                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101311                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       204458                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11491405                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1014683                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168273                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1642766                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1616928                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           628083                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.450486                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11468966                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11468743                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6705963                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        17512066                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.449597                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382934                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8574995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     10510622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1818269                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2845                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       180796                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20351071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16081449     79.02%     79.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2068369     10.16%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       805995      3.96%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       433758      2.13%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       323646      1.59%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181264      0.89%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112408      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99819      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244363      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20351071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8574995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     10510622                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1576030                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              963426                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1420                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1508653                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9470961                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       213544                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       244363                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           32435547                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          24990480                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                282924                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               4825195                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8574995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            10510622                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8574995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.974804                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.974804                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.336157                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.336157                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       51818980                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      15900627                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      11522454                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         2842                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1787115                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1461309                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177203                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       759830                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         703745                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183343                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7966                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17353750                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10134537                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1787115                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       887088                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2122889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        513557                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       891710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1069215                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178149                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     20700877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       18577988     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         115340      0.56%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         180884      0.87%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         287181      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         120561      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         135877      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         142755      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          93953      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1046338      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     20700877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070058                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.397294                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17190947                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1056223                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2116057                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         5414                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       332234                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       293056                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12374741                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1598                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       332234                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17216993                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        238837                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       735451                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2095862                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        81498                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12365573                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         9271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        27986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        10500                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17163763                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     57514101                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     57514101                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     14629421                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2534330                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3131                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1716                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          227571                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1181492                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       634299                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19097                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       143677                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12346016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3135                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11680268                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15721                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1571899                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3513833                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          283                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20700877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15772532     76.19%     76.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1980230      9.57%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1081554      5.22%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       737869      3.56%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       687803      3.32%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198198      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153824      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52759      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36108      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20700877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2797     12.94%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8224     38.06%     51.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10588     49.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9784203     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184276      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1415      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1080742      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       629632      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11680268                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.457889                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21609                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001850                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44098743                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13921209                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11489296                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11701877                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34671                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216057                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          168                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20412                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          758                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       332234                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        163106                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10737                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12349171                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1181492                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       634299                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1711                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7991                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          168                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102552                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       204096                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11511757                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1015766                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1645031                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1620166                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           629265                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.451283                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11489553                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11489296                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6718191                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        17544240                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.450403                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382929                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8593107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     10532731                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1816528                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2852                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       180675                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20368643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16091390     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2071381     10.17%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       807582      3.96%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       434374      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       324636      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181582      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112511      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99952      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245235      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20368643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8593107                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     10532731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1579322                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              965435                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1424                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1511794                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9490906                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       213989                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       245235                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           32472615                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          25030794                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                283322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               4808051                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8593107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            10532731                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8593107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.968534                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.968534                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.336867                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.336867                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       51909107                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      15928955                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      11541447                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         2848                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2211721                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841507                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202661                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847445                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808498                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237798                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19233557                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12131136                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2211721                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1046296                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2528761                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        565864                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1750396                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1196111                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193713                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23878871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21350110     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         154890      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         195437      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         310283      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         130591      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         168472      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         195454      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          89912      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1283722      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23878871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086704                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.475564                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19125145                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1874723                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2516717                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       361065                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       336403                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14830976                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       361065                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19144963                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         61950                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1758146                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2498074                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        54669                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14739875                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         7766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        38089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20582306                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     68543447                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     68543447                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17188826                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3393480                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          192923                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383597                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       721277                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       164678                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387657                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13792473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13629                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767379                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23878871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18035032     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665075     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089781      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610506      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827835      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254968      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250309      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134636      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10729      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23878871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94438     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13035     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12357     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11618195     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188570      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265240      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718763      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13792473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.540692                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119830                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51597276                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158711                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429996                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13912303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266212                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       361065                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         47086                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6113                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14391248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383597                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721277                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5385                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119013                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114389                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       233402                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549765                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243473                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1962135                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1915407                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           718662                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.531177                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13430096                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13429996                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8047969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        21621761                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.526482                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000450                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322907                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068395                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       204173                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23517806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18300054     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645296     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960566      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477752      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437332      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183330      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181969      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86625      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244882      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23517806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10000450                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12322907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1827635                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1117385                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1786034                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11094755                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       254470                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       244882                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37664148                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29143683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                294188                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1630057                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10000450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12322907                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10000450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.550778                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.550778                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.392037                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.392037                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60965137                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18766278                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13712505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1884321                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1544778                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186198                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       790628                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         734687                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193790                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8445                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18004580                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10710535                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1884321                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       928477                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2354971                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        528780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1650014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1110204                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184766                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22348977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       19994006     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         254565      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         295137      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         162793      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         184911      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         103674      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          70992      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         182112      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1100787      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22348977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073869                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.419874                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       17855390                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1802439                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2334534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19178                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       337434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       305955                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1979                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13073065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        10250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       337434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       17884978                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        616082                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1105170                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2324982                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        80329                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13063625                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        19875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        37414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     18154646                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     60824630                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     60824630                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15494485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2660151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3452                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          218451                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1251184                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       679861                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17287                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       150015                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13041373                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3463                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12326404                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18021                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1628692                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3768841                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22348977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17155881     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2089146      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1122243      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       776514      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       678308      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346745      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85260      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54327      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40553      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22348977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3121     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11544     43.25%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12027     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10315201     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192369      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1509      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1142965      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       674360      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12326404                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.483219                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26692                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47046498                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14673668                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12117841                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12353096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31042                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224135                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15349                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          755                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          237                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       337434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        578126                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13004                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13044862                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1251184                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679861                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1942                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9057                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104358                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       211822                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12141687                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072404                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1746542                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1699154                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           674138                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.475978                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12118153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12117841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7202448                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        18860413                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.475043                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381882                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9099785                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11164586                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880496                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3046                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       187062                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22011543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17450036     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2115609      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       886396      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531971      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       369041      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238834      1.09%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123903      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99504      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196249      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22011543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9099785                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11164586                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1691561                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1027049                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1520                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1597938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10065295                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       227179                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       196249                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           34860311                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          26427617                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                277141                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3159951                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9099785                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11164586                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9099785                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.803245                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.803245                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.356729                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.356729                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       54774557                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      16816637                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12202954                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3042                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25508630                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1790184                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1463831                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177640                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763560                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         705308                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183737                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17395799                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10154031                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1790184                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       889045                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2127186                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        514109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       844107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1071687                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178535                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     20699715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       18572529     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         114956      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         181638      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         288190      1.39%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         120657      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         136170      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         143643      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          94323      0.46%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1047609      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     20699715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070180                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398063                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       17231981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1009632                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2120328                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         5440                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       332332                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       293496                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12398635                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1581                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       332332                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       17257744                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        212488                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       720680                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2100406                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        76063                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12389614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         3124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        21219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        28073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4935                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     17198870                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     57625153                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     57625153                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     14668506                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2530287                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1753                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          227873                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1183131                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       635652                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19108                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       144128                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12371839                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3178                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        11710262                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15405                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1567338                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3490986                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          321                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20699715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15759329     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1984412      9.59%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084058      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       739785      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       690159      3.33%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198997      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       154138      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52766      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36071      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20699715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2808     12.95%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8267     38.13%     51.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10606     48.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9810093     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184720      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1418      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1082886      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       631145      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     11710262                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459071                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21681                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001851                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44157325                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13942509                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11519701                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     11731943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35066                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215092                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20122                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          746                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       332332                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        144881                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10838                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12375035                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          193                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1183131                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       635652                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1751                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8099                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101622                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       204765                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11541725                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1018296                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168537                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1649121                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1624406                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           630825                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.452464                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11519892                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11519701                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6735342                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        17588663                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.451600                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382937                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8615917                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     10560869                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1814132                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2857                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       181136                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20367383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16079045     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2076582     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       809554      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435626      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       325380      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       182188      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       113035      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100153      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245820      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20367383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8615917                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     10560869                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1583547                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              968028                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1426                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1515876                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         9516248                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       214574                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       245820                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           32496512                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          25082442                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                283839                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               4808915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8615917                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            10560869                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8615917                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.960640                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.960640                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.337765                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.337765                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       52044869                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      15970343                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      11564800                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         2854                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2211695                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841486                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202658                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847433                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808486                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237795                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19233348                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12131023                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2211695                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1046281                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2528733                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        565856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1753855                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           90                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1196097                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193711                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23882045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21353312     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         154888      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         195433      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         310278      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         130590      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         168470      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         195452      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          89911      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1283711      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23882045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086703                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.475560                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19124895                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1878180                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2516689                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       361060                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       336397                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14830834                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       361060                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19144712                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         61961                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1761593                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2498047                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        54668                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14739737                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         7764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        38090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     20582102                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     68542823                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     68542823                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17188639                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3393435                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          192923                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383583                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       721270                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       164675                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387519                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13792341                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13629                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767356                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615379                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23882045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18038265     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665052     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089763      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610497      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827831      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254967      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250306      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134635      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10729      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23882045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94437     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13036     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12357     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11618084     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188570      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265226      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718756      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13792341                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.540687                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119830                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51600186                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158550                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429868                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13912171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266209                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       361060                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         47083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6110                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14391110                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383583                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721270                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5382                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119012                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114387                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       233399                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549637                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243462                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242704                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1962117                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1915384                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           718655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.531172                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13429968                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13429868                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8047895                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        21621565                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.526477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000348                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068372                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       204170                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23520985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18303290     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645269     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960552      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477748      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437325      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183326      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181971      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86626      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244878      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23520985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10000348                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12322779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1827617                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1117374                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1786009                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11094647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       254468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       244878                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37667180                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29143389                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                294184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1626883                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10000348                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12322779                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10000348                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.550804                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.550804                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.392033                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.392033                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       60964573                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18766088                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13712377                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1977145                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1617544                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194538                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       807332                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         775565                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203975                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8854                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19037809                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11061095                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1977145                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       979540                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2306843                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        532274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1016133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1165787                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194464                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22696007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20389164     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         106891      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         170279      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         231222      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         237046      1.04%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         201003      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         112892      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         167865      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1079645      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22696007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077508                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.433617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18843521                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1212437                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2302390                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2694                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       334964                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       325404                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          258                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13570691                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1522                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       334964                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18895062                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        161276                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       932384                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2254160                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       118158                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13565282                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        16722                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        51086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     18929778                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     63105854                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     63105854                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16386641                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2543126                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3345                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          355766                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1269940                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       687761                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7938                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       220903                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13548359                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12860052                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1964                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1510292                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3621149                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          109                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22696007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17212246     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2288771     10.08%     85.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1149563      5.07%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       838238      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       663547      2.92%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271358      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171451      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        88907      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11926      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22696007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2682     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7850     36.84%     49.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10779     50.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10815801     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       191882      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1611      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1165388      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       685370      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12860052                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.504139                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21311                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48439386                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15062065                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12664783                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12881363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25980                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205269                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10427                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       334964                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        133343                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11588                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13551740                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          688                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1269940                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       687761                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1734                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9796                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109711                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       222289                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12680736                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1096205                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179316                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1781513                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1801499                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           685308                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.497110                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12664889                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12664783                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7270140                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        19594536                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.496484                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371029                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9552468                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11754663                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1797091                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3247                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       196753                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22361043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17500549     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2428165     10.86%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       900063      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       429556      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384177      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209377      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168185      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82767      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258204      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22361043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9552468                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11754663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1742005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1064671                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1620                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1695130                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10590835                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       242136                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       258204                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35654528                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          27438498                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                289999                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2812921                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9552468                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11754663                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9552468                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.670402                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.670402                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374475                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374475                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       57070924                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17641542                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12580732                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1753799                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1582104                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93723                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       663455                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         624291                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96271                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4063                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18600693                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11026262                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1753799                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       720562                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2179382                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        295840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2339878                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1068830                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93963                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23319806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.858950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21140424     90.65%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          77511      0.33%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         157834      0.68%     91.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          67576      0.29%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         361237      1.55%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         322927      1.38%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          62401      0.27%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         131037      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         998859      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23319806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432251                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18411800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2530216                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2171404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6791                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       199590                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       154162                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12929495                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1455                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       199590                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18436622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2334933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       112980                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2156157                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        79519                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12921975                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        39368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        27210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          476                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     15181030                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     60855142                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     60855142                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     13424012                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1757006                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1509                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          769                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          189903                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3045551                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1538909                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        74976                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12894843                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1512                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12379459                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7139                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1021151                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2469684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23319806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18877333     80.95%     80.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1352971      5.80%     86.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1098377      4.71%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       474949      2.04%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       593908      2.55%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561339      2.41%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319803      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25266      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15860      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23319806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31291     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237859     86.14%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6967      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7769452     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108175      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          740      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2966317     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1534775     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12379459                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.485299                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276117                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48361980                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13917845                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12272734                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12655576                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22482                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10474                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1087                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       199590                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2276122                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23435                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12896369                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3045551                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1538909                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14455                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53816                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55698                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       109514                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12292599                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2956719                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86860                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            4491303                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1609984                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1534584                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.481894                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12273139                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12272734                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6632218                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        13102549                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.481115                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506178                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9962204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11707299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190415                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1490                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        95533                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23120216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18858997     81.57%     81.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1567414      6.78%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730844      3.16%     91.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       718241      3.11%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199257      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       822222      3.56%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62494      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45604      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       115143      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23120216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9962204                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11707299                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              4451774                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             2923339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               744                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1545523                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10411085                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       113378                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       115143                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           35902761                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          25995063                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                400658                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2189122                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9962204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11707299                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9962204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.560571                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.560571                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60763183                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      14259386                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      15384797                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1733556                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1552986                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       138853                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1163095                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1147594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100052                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4076                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18411315                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              9861477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1733556                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1247646                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2197194                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        459859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       779961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1114689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       135905                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     21708725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.506900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.738383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       19511531     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         340292      1.57%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         164679      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         336441      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         102181      0.47%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         313128      1.44%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          47767      0.22%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          77444      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         815262      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     21708725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067959                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.386589                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       18245912                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       949874                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2192705                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1760                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       318470                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       158350                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         1785                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     10984130                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         4349                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       318470                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       18265308                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        623571                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       266062                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2173093                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        62217                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     10966563                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         8430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        47402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     14322225                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     49630523                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     49630523                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     11559081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2763144                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1419                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          720                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          144323                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      2021658                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       310900                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2033                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        70567                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         10908753                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1423                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        10196207                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6843                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2011076                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4137213                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21708725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.469682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.081407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17240344     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1380849      6.36%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1525661      7.03%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       873005      4.02%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       442377      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       111611      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129258      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3050      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2570      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21708725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16681     57.10%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6942     23.76%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5591     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7967155     78.14%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77013      0.76%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          700      0.01%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1843496     18.08%     96.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       307843      3.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     10196207                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.399711                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29214                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42137196                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12921284                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9935041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     10225421                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8051                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       418068                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8659                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       318470                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        554241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7550                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10910185                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2021658                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       310900                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          718                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3744                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          207                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93513                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53739                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       147252                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10070335                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1818675                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       125872                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2126501                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1534160                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           307826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.394777                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              9937767                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             9935041                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6019534                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        12942831                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.389473                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.465086                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7924153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      8884093                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2026569                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1411                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       137792                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21390255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18102514     84.63%     84.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1277848      5.97%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       834090      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       260953      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       440041      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83415      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52678      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47829      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290887      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21390255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      7924153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      8884093                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1905831                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1603590                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               704                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1366486                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         7752921                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       107622                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       290887                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           32010004                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          22140047                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                417264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3800203                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           7924153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             8884093                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      7924153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.219136                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.219136                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.310642                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.310642                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       46875715                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      12903144                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      11734355                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1410                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1882833                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1543568                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186029                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       789834                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         734051                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193628                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8436                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17990190                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10702003                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1882833                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       927679                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2353028                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        528440                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1648693                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1109344                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184661                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22331095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       19978067     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         254311      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         294870      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         162669      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         184764      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         103589      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          70981      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         181980      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1099864      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22331095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073811                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.419540                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17840982                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1801135                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2332607                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19161                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       337208                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       305700                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1977                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13062533                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        10241                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       337208                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17870537                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        594428                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1125538                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2323008                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        80374                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13053089                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        19868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        37427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18139636                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     60774833                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     60774833                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15480872                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2658758                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3449                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1939                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          218601                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1250228                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       679256                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17269                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       149874                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13030530                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3459                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12315924                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17999                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1627849                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3766993                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22331095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17142513     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2087282      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1121251      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       775807      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       677800      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346448      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85185      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54303      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40506      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22331095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3113     11.67%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11536     43.26%     54.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12019     45.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10306416     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192194      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1508      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1142043      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       673763      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12315924                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.482808                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26668                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47007610                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14661978                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12107452                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12342592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31006                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224080                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15337                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          754                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          297                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       337208                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        558069                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12972                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13034015                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1250228                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679256                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9033                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107362                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104266                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       211628                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12131343                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1071529                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1745074                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1697700                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           673545                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.475572                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12107762                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12107452                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7196196                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        18844068                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.474636                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381881                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9091776                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11154808                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1879427                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3042                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       186892                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21993887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17436374     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2113745      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       885614      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531536      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       368718      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238625      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123781      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99408      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196086      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21993887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9091776                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11154808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1690065                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1026146                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1518                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1596584                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10056455                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       226987                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       196086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           34831971                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          26405697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                276880                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3177833                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9091776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11154808                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9091776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.805715                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.805715                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.356415                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.356415                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       54727481                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16802115                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12193102                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3038                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1979592                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1619383                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194621                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       808033                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776740                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204169                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8866                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19051713                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11073184                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1979592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       980909                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2309158                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        532377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1008335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           73                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1166852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22706176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20397018     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         106985      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         169974      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         231289      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         237506      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         201440      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         113279      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         168494      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1080191      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22706176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077604                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.434091                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18859096                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1204703                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2304663                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2734                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       334979                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       325952                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13585474                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1538                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       334979                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18910859                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        171851                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       913484                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2256191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       118809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13579756                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        16881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        51322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18948788                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     63172628                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     63172628                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16407614                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2541152                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1745                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          357328                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1271130                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       688531                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8033                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       221146                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13563265                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12875319                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1510191                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3617521                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22706176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17215926     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2291690     10.09%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1150634      5.07%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       838903      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664879      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271461      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171736      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89161      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11786      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22706176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2631     12.33%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7896     37.01%     49.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10806     50.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10829253     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192014      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1166185      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       686254      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12875319                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.504738                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21333                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48480078                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15076883                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12680363                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12896652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25875                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205094                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10334                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       334979                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        143776                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11553                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13566658                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1271130                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       688531                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1747                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9768                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112613                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109710                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       222323                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12696193                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1096997                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1783200                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1803623                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           686203                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.497716                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12680503                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12680363                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7278652                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        19621945                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.497095                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.370944                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9564712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11769726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1796923                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3250                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       196836                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22371197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17504649     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2430857     10.87%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       901182      4.03%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430417      1.92%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       385033      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209504      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168010      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82818      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258727      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22371197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9564712                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11769726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1744230                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1066033                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1697299                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10604406                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       242444                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       258727                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           35679054                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          27468312                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                290337                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2802752                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9564712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11769726                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9564712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.666983                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.666983                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.374955                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.374955                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       57140274                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17662638                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12594299                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3246                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.417097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.417097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    32.845668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   412.018782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1564.135550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.016038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.201181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.763738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      787166644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611258373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709193456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611258373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    709193456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611258373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    709193456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719974.526502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798641.279279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719974.526502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798641.279279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719974.526502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798641.279279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1157                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.547459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         158769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        49.537910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.268935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.437272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   547.773285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1442.067968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.014862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.267467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.704135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  2674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   2689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2687                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  2689                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1118                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1157                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63433647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    905029812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     968463459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63433647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    905029812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      968463459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63433647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    905029812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     968463459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              3831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               3846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              3846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.300832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.300832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1626503.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 809507.881932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837047.069144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1626503.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 809507.881932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837047.069144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1626503.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 809507.881932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837047.069144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                490                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     490                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60009447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    805034617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    865044064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60009447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    805034617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    865044064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60009447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    805034617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    865044064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1538703.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 720711.384960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748308.013841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1538703.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 720711.384960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748308.013841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1538703.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 720711.384960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748308.013841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1877                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.855607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         121412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        30.932994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.809167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.232568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   894.141383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1104.672488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.009391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.436592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.539391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            581                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 581                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3273                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3274                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1849                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1877                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     34240923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1439565218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1473806141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     34240923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1439565218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1473806141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     34240923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1439565218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1473806141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          581                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             581                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.364820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.364395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.364395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1222890.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 778564.206598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 785192.403303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1222890.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 778564.206598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 785192.403303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1222890.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 778564.206598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 785192.403303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                275                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     275                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     31782523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1277223018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309005541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     31782523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1277223018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309005541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     31782523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1277223018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309005541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1135090.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 690764.206598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697392.403303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1135090.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 690764.206598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697392.403303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1135090.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 690764.206598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697392.403303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1154                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.544565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         158761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        49.581824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.267879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.355885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   546.595776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1441.325024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.015799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.266892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.703772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  2668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   2683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2681                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  2683                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1114                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1154                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81194127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    917411642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     998605769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81194127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    917411642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      998605769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81194127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    917411642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     998605769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              3822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               3837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              3837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.301936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.300756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.300756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2029853.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 823529.301616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865342.954073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2029853.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 823529.301616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865342.954073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2029853.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 823529.301616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865342.954073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                490                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     490                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77681398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    818434520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    896115918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77681398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    818434520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    896115918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77681398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    818434520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    896115918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1942034.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 735340.988320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777203.745013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1942034.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 735340.988320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777203.745013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1942034.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 735340.988320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777203.745013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         3048                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.935675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         154694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         5096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        30.355965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.537101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.983185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1111.556916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         918.858472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.542752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.448661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  4133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1258                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1258                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   4133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  4133                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 3048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                3048                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60022425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2907137702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2967160127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9315066                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9315066                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60022425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2916452768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     2976475193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60022425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2916452768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    2976475193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              7175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1258                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1258                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               7181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              7181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.421613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.423972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.422098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.424453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.422098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.424453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2000747.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 965185.160027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 975397.806377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1552511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1552511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2000747.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 966352.805832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 976533.855971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2000747.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 966352.805832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 976533.855971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                544                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     544                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            3048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           3048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57387451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2642632700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2700020151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8788266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8788266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57387451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2651420966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2708808417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57387451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2651420966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2708808417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.421613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.422098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.422098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1912915.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 877368.094290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887580.588757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1464711                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1464711                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1912915.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 878535.774023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888716.672244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1912915.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 878535.774023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888716.672244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2903                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.674620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         123090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        24.861644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.241083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.271915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   847.509930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1169.651691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.008922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.413823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.571119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            710                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 710                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3400                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3401                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2868                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2902                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     43759836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2671250743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2715010579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6469986                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6469986                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     43759836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2677720729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     2721480565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     43759836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2677720729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    2721480565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              6291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          710                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             710                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               6303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              6303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1287054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 932699.281774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936856.652519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1617496.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617496.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1287054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 933654.368550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937794.819090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1287054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 933654.368550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937794.819090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                444                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     444                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40774636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2419791543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2460566179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6118786                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6118786                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40774636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2425910329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2466684965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     40774636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2425910329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2466684965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1199254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 844899.281774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849056.652519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1529696.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529696.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1199254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845854.368550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849994.819090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1199254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845854.368550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849994.819090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2893                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.587076                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         123112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        24.916414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.210628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.031100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   842.657040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1173.688308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.411454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.573090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3416                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3417                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2858                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2892                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49308885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2647330383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2696639268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5389559                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5389559                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49308885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2652719942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     2702028827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49308885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2652719942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    2702028827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.455765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.455531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.455531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1450261.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 927585.978626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933739.358726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1347389.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1347389.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1450261.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 928173.527642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934311.489281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1450261.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 928173.527642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934311.489281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                446                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     446                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     46322686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2396672092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2442994778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5038359                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5038359                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     46322686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2401710451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2448033137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     46322686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2401710451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2448033137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.455765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.455531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.455531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1362431.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 839758.967064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845912.319252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1259589.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1259589.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1362431.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 840346.553884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846484.487206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1362431.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 840346.553884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846484.487206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.414685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.414685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.845392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   411.990893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1564.163715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.016038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.201167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.763752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    688311643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     790045533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    688311643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      790045533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101733890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    688311643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     790045533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810732.206125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889690.915541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810732.206125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889690.915541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608561.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 810732.206125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889690.915541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    613752675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    712062365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    613752675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    712062365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98309690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    613752675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    712062365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722912.455830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801872.032658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722912.455830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801872.032658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2520761.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 722912.455830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801872.032658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1663                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.500242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         180067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        48.522501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.762196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.654297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   718.247485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1254.836264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.350707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.612713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3340                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3341                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1628                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1662                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61460209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1379554230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1441014439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2246962                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2246962                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61460209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1381801192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1443261401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61460209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1381801192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1443261401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.328419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.332932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.327697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.327697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1807653.205882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 848434.335793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 868080.987349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1123481                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1123481                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1807653.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 848772.230958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 868388.327918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1807653.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 848772.230958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 868388.327918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                954                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     954                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58474814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1236770458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1295245272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2071362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2071362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58474814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1238841820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1297316634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58474814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1238841820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1297316634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.328419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.327697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.327697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1719847.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 760621.437884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780268.236145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1035681                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1035681                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1719847.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 760959.348894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780575.592058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1719847.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 760959.348894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780575.592058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2879                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.581766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         123143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         4927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        24.993505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.203303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.634355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   840.370624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1176.373484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.410337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.574401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            722                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 722                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3441                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3442                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2846                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2879                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41944684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2598586221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2640530905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5437715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5437715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41944684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2604023936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     2645968620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41944684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2604023936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    2645968620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              6309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          722                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             722                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               6321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              6321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.455466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.455466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1271051.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 914351.238916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 918445.532174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1359428.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1359428.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1271051.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 914976.787070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919058.221605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1271051.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 914976.787070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919058.221605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                445                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     445                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39033034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2348017757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2387050791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5085015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5085015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39033034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2353102772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2392135806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39033034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2353102772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2392135806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1182819.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826184.995426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830278.536000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1271253.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1271253.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1182819.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826810.531272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830891.214311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1182819.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826810.531272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830891.214311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.416770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.416770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    32.847842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   412.202254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1563.949904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.016039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.201271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.763647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101046368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    689649643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     790696011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101046368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    689649643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      790696011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101046368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    689649643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     790696011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2590932.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 812308.177856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 890423.435811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2590932.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 812308.177856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 890423.435811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2590932.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 812308.177856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 890423.435811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97622168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    615107443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    712729611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97622168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    615107443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    712729611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97622168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    615107443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    712729611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2503132.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 724508.177856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802623.435811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2503132.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 724508.177856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802623.435811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2503132.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 724508.177856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802623.435811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1155                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.504122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         158757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        49.565095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.268578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.760784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   546.776248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1441.698513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.015508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.266981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.703954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  2664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   2679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2677                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  2679                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1115                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1155                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68691340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    924809144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     993500484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68691340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    924809144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      993500484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68691340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    924809144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     993500484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              3819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               3834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              3834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1717283.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 829425.241256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860173.579221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1717283.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 829425.241256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 860173.579221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1717283.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 829425.241256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 860173.579221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                490                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     490                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65178349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    826372611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    891550960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65178349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    826372611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    891550960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65178349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    826372611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    891550960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1629458.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 741806.652603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772574.488735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1629458.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 741806.652603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772574.488735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1629458.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 741806.652603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772574.488735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3071                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.935918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         154714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        30.223481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.536470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.201987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1111.048274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         918.149187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.542504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.448315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1265                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4145                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4146                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3071                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67731025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2826070811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2893801836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6877225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6877225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67731025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2832948036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     2900679061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67731025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2832948036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    2900679061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              7211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               7217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              7217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.425045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1992088.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932388.918179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944144.155302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1146204.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1146204.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1992088.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932811.338821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944538.932270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1992088.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932811.338821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944538.932270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                549                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     549                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64745825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2559932700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2624678525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6350425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6350425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64745825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2566283125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2631028950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64745825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2566283125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2631028950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.422863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904288.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 844583.536787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856338.833605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1058404.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1058404.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904288.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 845005.968061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856733.620970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1904288.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 845005.968061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856733.620970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1873                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.876892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         121405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3921                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        30.962765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.819019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.660195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   893.137338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1105.260341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.009600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.436102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.539678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            580                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 580                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3267                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3268                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1844                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1873                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     33693822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1453268356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1486962178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     33693822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1453268356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1486962178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     33693822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1453268356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1486962178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              5135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          580                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             580                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.361214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.364752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.360790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.364326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.360790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.364326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1161855.931034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 788106.483731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793893.314469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1161855.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 788106.483731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793893.314469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1161855.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 788106.483731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793893.314469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                272                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     272                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     31147622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1291334840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322482462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     31147622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1291334840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322482462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     31147622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1291334840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322482462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.361214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.360790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.360790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1074055.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 700290.043384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706077.128671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1074055.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 700290.043384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706077.128671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1074055.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 700290.043384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706077.128671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1663                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.499396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         180058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        48.520075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.789255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.668667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   717.195398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1255.846076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.011557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.350193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.613206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3333                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3334                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1628                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1662                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64909333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1392702997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1457612330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2279521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2279521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64909333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1394982518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1459891851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64909333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1394982518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1459891851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              4979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               4996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              4996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1909098.029412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 856520.908364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 878079.716867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1139760.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1139760.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1909098.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 856868.868550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 878394.615523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1909098.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 856868.868550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 878394.615523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                954                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     954                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61924133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1249894909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1311819042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2103921                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2103921                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61924133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1251998830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1313922963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61924133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1251998830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1313922963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1821298.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 768693.055966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790252.434940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1051960.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1051960.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1821298.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 769041.050369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790567.366426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1821298.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 769041.050369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790567.366426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1159                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.543364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         158765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        49.505769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.265444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    33.156158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   547.031117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1440.090645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.016190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.267105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.703169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  2670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   2685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2683                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  2685                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1118                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1159                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93132300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    918468586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1011600886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93132300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    918468586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1011600886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93132300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    918468586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1011600886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              3829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               3844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              3844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2271519.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821528.252236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 872822.162209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2271519.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821528.252236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 872822.162209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2271519.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 821528.252236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 872822.162209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     89531974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    819802757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    909334731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     89531974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    819802757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    909334731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     89531974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    819802757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    909334731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2183706.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 733932.638317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785263.152850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2183706.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 733932.638317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785263.152850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2183706.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 733932.638317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785263.152850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              490.839691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001204106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2018556.665323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.839691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.057435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38205.688546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.252884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.747116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              509.740622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              998080910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1934265.329457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    34.740622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.055674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1168439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1168439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1168439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1168439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1168439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1168439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88398392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88398392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88398392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88398392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88398392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88398392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1168496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1168496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1168496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1168496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1168496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1168496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1550848.982456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1550848.982456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1550848.982456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1550848.982456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1550848.982456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1550848.982456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63925229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63925229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63925229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63925229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63925229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63925229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1559151.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1559151.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1559151.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1559151.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1559151.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1559151.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3805                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              152108760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             37455.986210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   222.898540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    33.101460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.870697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.129303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       804193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        804193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       675620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       675620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1479813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1479813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1479813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1479813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        12328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        12328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3965106419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3965106419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6997313                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6997313                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3972103732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3972103732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3972103732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3972103732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       816437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       816437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       675704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       675704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1492141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1492141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1492141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1492141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323840.772542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 323840.772542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83301.345238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83301.345238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 322201.795263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 322201.795263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 322201.795263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 322201.795263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1088198483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1088198483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       977114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       977114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1089175597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1089175597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1089175597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1089175597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 287123.610290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287123.610290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65140.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65140.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 286248.514323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286248.514323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 286248.514323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286248.514323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              550.428608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              917844369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1650799.224820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.236790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.191817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.038841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1116924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1116924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1116924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1116924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1116924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1116924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     39453001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39453001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     39453001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     39453001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     39453001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     39453001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1116961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1116961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1116961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1116961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1116961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1116961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1066297.324324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1066297.324324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1066297.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1066297.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1066297.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1066297.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     34546324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34546324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     34546324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34546324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     34546324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34546324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1191252.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191252.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1191252.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191252.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1191252.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191252.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5122                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              204651624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             38053.481592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   191.156282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    64.843718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.746704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.253296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1670265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1670265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       301593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       301593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          707                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          707                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1971858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1971858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1971858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1971858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        18121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18121                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        18121                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8082251280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8082251280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2206932                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2206932                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8084458212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8084458212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8084458212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8084458212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1688360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1688360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       301619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       301619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          707                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          707                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1989979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1989979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1989979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1989979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 446656.605692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446656.605692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        84882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        84882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 446137.531704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446137.531704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 446137.531704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446137.531704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             581                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1669283580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1669283580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1669668180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1669668180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1669668180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1669668180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 326286.860829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326286.860829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325979.730574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325979.730574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325979.730574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325979.730574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              511.889939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              998079421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1930521.123791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    36.889939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.059118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1166950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1166950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1166950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1166950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1166950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1166950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108791606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108791606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108791606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108791606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108791606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108791606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1167015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1167015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1167015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1167015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1167015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1167015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1673717.015385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1673717.015385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1673717.015385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1673717.015385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1673717.015385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1673717.015385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       333039                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 166519.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81716220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81716220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81716220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81716220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81716220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81716220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1945624.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945624.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1945624.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945624.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1945624.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945624.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3795                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152105650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             37547.679585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   222.861871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    33.138129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.870554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.129446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       802264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        802264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       674447                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       674447                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1476711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1476711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1476711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1476711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        12283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12283                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        12283                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4068310883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4068310883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7151543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7151543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4075462426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4075462426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4075462426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4075462426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       814461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       814461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       674533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       674533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1488994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1488994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1488994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1488994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333550.125687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333550.125687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83157.476744                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83157.476744                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 331796.989823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331796.989823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 331796.989823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331796.989823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8488                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8488                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1100159700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100159700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       993167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       993167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1101152867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101152867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1101152867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101152867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291047.539683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291047.539683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66211.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66211.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290158.858235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290158.858235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290158.858235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290158.858235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              564.762316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1028779110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1792298.101045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.543957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   542.218359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.036128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.868940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.905068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1063789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1063789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1063789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1063789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1063789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1063789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80370839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80370839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80370839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80370839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80370839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80370839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1063838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1063838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1063838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1063838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1063838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1063838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1640221.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1640221.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1640221.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1640221.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1640221.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1640221.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60335525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60335525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60335525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60335525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60335525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60335525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1946307.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1946307.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1946307.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1946307.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1946307.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1946307.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              405037437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 7406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             54690.445180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   110.998730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   145.001270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2779528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2779528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1521231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1521231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4300759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4300759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4300759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4300759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        26067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        26067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12140040532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12140040532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     32383205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32383205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12172423737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12172423737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12172423737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12172423737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2805575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2805575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1521251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1521251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4326826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4326826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4326826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4326826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466082.102814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466082.102814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1619160.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1619160.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466966.806192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 466966.806192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466966.806192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 466966.806192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3214603053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3214603053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9364866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9364866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3223967919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3223967919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3223967919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3223967919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 449972.431831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449972.431831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1560811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1560811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 450904.604056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450904.604056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 450904.604056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450904.604056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              516.104153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1003735722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1911877.565714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.104153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.041834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1068041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1068041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1068041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1068041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1068041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1068041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63514341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63514341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63514341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63514341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63514341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63514341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1068096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1068096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1068096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1068096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1068096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1154806.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1154806.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1154806.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1154806.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1154806.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1154806.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44117120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44117120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44117120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44117120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44117120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44117120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1260489.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1260489.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1260489.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1260489.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1260489.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1260489.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 6268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              166736777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             25557.445892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   227.098580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    28.901420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.887104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.112896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       738576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        738576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       609668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       609668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1704                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1704                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1421                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1421                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1348244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1348244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1348244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1348244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        16519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        16586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        16586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        16586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        16586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7472429820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7472429820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     58697788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     58697788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7531127608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7531127608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7531127608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7531127608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       755095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       755095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       609735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       609735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1704                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1704                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1421                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1421                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1364830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1364830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1364830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1364830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 452353.642472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452353.642472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 876086.388060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 876086.388060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 454065.332690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 454065.332690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 454065.332690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 454065.332690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        10263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        10318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        10318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2917968533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917968533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7028546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7028546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2924997079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2924997079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2924997079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2924997079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 466427.195173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466427.195173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 585712.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 585712.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 466655.564614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466655.564614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 466655.564614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466655.564614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              516.571798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1003736839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1911879.693333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    26.571798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.042583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1069158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1069158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1069158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1069158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1069158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1069158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71019105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71019105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71019105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71019105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71019105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71019105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1069215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1069215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1069215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1069215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1069215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1245949.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1245949.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1245949.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1245949.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1245949.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1245949.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49656612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49656612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49656612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49656612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49656612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49656612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1418760.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1418760.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1418760.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1418760.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1418760.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1418760.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6274                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              166738743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             25534.263859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.073924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.926076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.887008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.112992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       739304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       610938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       610938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1669                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1350242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1350242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1350242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1350242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        16552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        16552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7294393662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7294393662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     49617261                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49617261                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7344010923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7344010923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7344010923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7344010923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       755781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       755781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       611013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       611013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1366794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1366794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1366794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1366794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 442701.563513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442701.563513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 661563.480000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 661563.480000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 443693.265043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443693.265043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 443693.265043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443693.265043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2895053274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2895053274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5940687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5940687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2900993961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2900993961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2900993961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2900993961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 462320.867774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462320.867774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 495057.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 495057.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 462383.481192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462383.481192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 462383.481192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462383.481192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              490.839683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001204151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2018556.756048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.839683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.057435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1196051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1196051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1196051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1196051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1196051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    152876826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    152876826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1196109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1196109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1196109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2635807.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2929404                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 585880.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    102196398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102196398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2492595.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148429163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             38205.704762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   220.250519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    35.749481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.860354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.139646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       952519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       706696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1659215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1659215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2083770296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2083770296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6128486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6128486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2089898782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2089898782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2089898782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2089898782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       961770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       706770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1668540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1668540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 225248.113285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225248.113285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82817.378378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82817.378378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 224117.831850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224117.831850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 224117.831850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224117.831850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    875556988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    875556988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1126788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1126788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    876683776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    876683776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    876683776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    876683776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 242335.175201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242335.175201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70424.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70424.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241577.232295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241577.232295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241577.232295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241577.232295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              512.442975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              999329896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1932939.837524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.442975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.048787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1110151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1110151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1110151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1110151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1110151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90580692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90580692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90580692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90580692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90580692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90580692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1110204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1110204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1110204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1110204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1110204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1110204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1709069.660377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1709069.660377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1709069.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1709069.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1709069.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1709069.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61810554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61810554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61810554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61810554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61810554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61810554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1766015.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766015.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1766015.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766015.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1766015.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766015.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4968                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              157953784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             30236.176110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   223.731008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    32.268992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.873949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.126051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       783471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        783471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       660758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1444229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1444229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1444229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1444229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        17683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        17683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7075605762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7075605762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    277589896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    277589896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7353195658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7353195658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7353195658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7353195658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       800655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       800655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       661257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       661257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1461912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1461912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1461912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1461912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 411755.456355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411755.456355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 556292.376754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 556292.376754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 415834.171690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 415834.171690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 415834.171690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 415834.171690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2786023                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 557204.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1611596683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1611596683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3241494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3241494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1614838177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1614838177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1614838177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1614838177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 325509.328015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325509.328015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 190676.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190676.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 325047.942230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325047.942230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 325047.942230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325047.942230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              516.469241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1003739313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1915533.040076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.469241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.042419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1071632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1071632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1071632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1071632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1071632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60953463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60953463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60953463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60953463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60953463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60953463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1071687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1071687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1071687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1108244.781818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1108244.781818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1108244.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1108244.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1108244.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1108244.781818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     42324242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42324242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     42324242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42324242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     42324242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42324242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1244830.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1244830.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1244830.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1244830.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1244830.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1244830.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 6286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166741860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 6542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             25487.902782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   227.016485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    28.983515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.886783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.113217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       740764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        740764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       612563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       612563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1353327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1353327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1353327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1353327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        16592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        16592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7259179057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7259179057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51755412                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51755412                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7310934469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7310934469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7310934469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7310934469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       757281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       757281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       612638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       612638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1369919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1369919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1369919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1369919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 439497.430344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439497.430344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 690072.160000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 690072.160000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 440630.090947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440630.090947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 440630.090947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440630.090947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2847945731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2847945731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5983715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5983715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2853929446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2853929446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2853929446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2853929446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453855.893386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453855.893386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 498642.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 498642.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453941.378400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453941.378400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 453941.378400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453941.378400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              490.842652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001204137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2018556.727823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.842652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.057440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1196037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1196037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1196037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1196037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1196037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    150923308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150923308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    150923308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150923308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    150923308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150923308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1196095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1196095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1196095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2602126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2602126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2602126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2602126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2602126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2602126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926705                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585341                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101509150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101509150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101509150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101509150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    101509150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101509150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2475832.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2475832.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2475832.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2475832.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2475832.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2475832.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148429148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             38205.700901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   220.262538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    35.737462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.860401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.139599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       952511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       706689                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706689                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1659200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1659200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2076316015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2076316015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6114606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6114606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2082430621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2082430621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2082430621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2082430621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       961762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       706763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1668525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1668525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 224442.332180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224442.332180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82629.810811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82629.810811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 223316.956676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223316.956676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 223316.956676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223316.956676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    876903163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    876903163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1124634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    878027797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    878027797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    878027797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    878027797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 242707.767229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242707.767229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 70289.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70289.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 241947.588041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241947.588041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 241947.588041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241947.588041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              511.100553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              998078197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1930518.756286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    36.100553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.057853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1165726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1165726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1165726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1165726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1165726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1165726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92546311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92546311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92546311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92546311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92546311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92546311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1165787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1165787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1165787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1165787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1165787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1165787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1517152.639344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1517152.639344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1517152.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1517152.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1517152.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1517152.639344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69200011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69200011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69200011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69200011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69200011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69200011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1647619.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1647619.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1647619.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1647619.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1647619.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1647619.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3792                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              152105404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             37575.445652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   222.885634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    33.114366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.870647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.129353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       802345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        802345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       674131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       674131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1476476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1476476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1476476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1476476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        12284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        12284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4015984800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4015984800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7184852                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7184852                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4023169652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4023169652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4023169652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4023169652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       814543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       814543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       674217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       674217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1708                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1708                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1488760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1488760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1488760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1488760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 329233.054599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 329233.054599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 83544.790698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83544.790698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327512.996744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327512.996744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327512.996744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327512.996744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8492                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8492                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1107375955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1107375955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       977117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       977117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1108353072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1108353072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1108353072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1108353072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 293189.291766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293189.291766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65141.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65141.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 292287.202532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292287.202532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 292287.202532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292287.202532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              565.919563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1028784100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1779903.287197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.141764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.777799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1068779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1068779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1068779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1068779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1068779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1068779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86761627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86761627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86761627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86761627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86761627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86761627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1068830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1068830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1068830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1068830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1068830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1701208.372549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1701208.372549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1701208.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1701208.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1701208.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1701208.372549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76092                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68077325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68077325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68077325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68077325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68077325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68077325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1945066.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945066.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1945066.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945066.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1945066.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945066.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7182                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              405052921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             54457.235951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.007629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.992371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.433624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.566376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2789331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2789331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1526907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1526907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4316238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4316238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4316238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4316238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        26148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        26148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11985751194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11985751194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22568647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22568647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12008319841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12008319841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12008319841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12008319841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2815459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2815459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1526927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1526927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4342386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4342386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4342386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4342386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 458732.057333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458732.057333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1128432.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1128432.350000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 459244.295587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459244.295587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 459244.295587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459244.295587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3134582835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134582835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6927025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6927025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3141509860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3141509860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3141509860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3141509860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 436814.776338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 436814.776338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1154504.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1154504.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 437414.349763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 437414.349763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 437414.349763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 437414.349763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              550.796607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              917842095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1647831.409336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.604207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.192400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.039430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.843257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1114650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1114650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1114650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1114650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1114650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1114650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     37810995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37810995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     37810995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     37810995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     37810995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     37810995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1114689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1114689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1114689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1114689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1114689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1114689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 969512.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969512.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 969512.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 969512.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 969512.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 969512.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     34015408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34015408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     34015408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34015408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     34015408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34015408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1133846.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1133846.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1133846.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1133846.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1133846.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1133846.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              204647764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             38130.755357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   191.147978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    64.852022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.746672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.253328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1667212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1667212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       300791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       300791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          709                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          709                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          705                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          705                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1968003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1968003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1968003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1968003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8267926988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8267926988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2207593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2207593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8270134581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8270134581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8270134581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8270134581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1685332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1685332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       300817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       300817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          709                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          709                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          705                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          705                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1986149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1986149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1986149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1986149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 456287.361369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456287.361369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84907.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84907.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 455755.239777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 455755.239777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 455755.239777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 455755.239777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13035                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13035                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1682555806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1682555806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1682940406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1682940406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1682940406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1682940406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 329589.775906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329589.775906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 329278.107220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329278.107220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 329278.107220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329278.107220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              512.434024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              999329036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1932938.174081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    30.434024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.048772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1109291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1109291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1109291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1109291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1109291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97526013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97526013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97526013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97526013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97526013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97526013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1109344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1109344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1109344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1109344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1109344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1109344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1840113.452830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1840113.452830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1840113.452830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1840113.452830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1840113.452830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1840113.452830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65256754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65256754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65256754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65256754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65256754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65256754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1864478.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1864478.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1864478.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1864478.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1864478.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1864478.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4961                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              157952520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             30276.503738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   223.704710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    32.295290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.873847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.126153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       782801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        782801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       660168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1654                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1654                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1442969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1442969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1442969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1442969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        17659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        17659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7087990094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7087990094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    320821969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    320821969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7408812063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7408812063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7408812063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7408812063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       799961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       799961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       660667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       660667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1460628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1460628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1460628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1460628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 413053.035781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 413053.035781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 642929.797595                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 642929.797595                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 419548.788890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419548.788890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 419548.788890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419548.788890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3487840                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       697568                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1624319683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1624319683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3257621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3257621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1627577304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1627577304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1627577304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1627577304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 328543.625202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328543.625202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 191624.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191624.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 328074.441443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328074.441443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 328074.441443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328074.441443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              512.475747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              998079263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1926793.944015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.475747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.060057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1166792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1166792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1166792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1166792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1166792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1166792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107036229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107036229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107036229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107036229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    107036229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107036229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1166849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1166849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1166849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1166849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1166849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1166849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1877828.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1877828.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1877828.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1877828.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1877828.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1877828.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1984473                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 330745.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93636320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93636320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93636320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93636320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93636320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93636320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2177588.837209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2177588.837209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2177588.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2177588.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2177588.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2177588.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              152106763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             37492.423712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   222.844346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    33.155654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.870486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.129514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       802826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        802826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       674992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       674992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1477818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1477818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1477818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1477818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        12312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        12312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4042091503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4042091503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7148431                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7148431                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4049239934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4049239934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4049239934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4049239934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       815052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       815052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       675078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       675078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1490130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1490130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1490130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1490130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 330614.387617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330614.387617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83121.290698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83121.290698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328885.634665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 328885.634665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328885.634665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 328885.634665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8511                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1101455758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101455758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       975938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       975938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1102431696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102431696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1102431696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102431696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 290928.620708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290928.620708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65062.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65062.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 290037.278611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290037.278611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 290037.278611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290037.278611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
