
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010637                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10637222559                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536824207323                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 277840                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   352375                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 184026                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67751796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 57802.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16059949448                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20368236794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       363776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       142976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       108800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       386304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       142976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       387072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       368640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       208384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       142848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       366080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       236032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       208384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       388864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       108928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       236288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3975680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1063040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1063040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 31060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     34198401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13441103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       421163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     10228234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       360996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     36316247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13441103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       397096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36388446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       397096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     34655663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     19590076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       493362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13429069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       397096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     34414999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       336930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     22189251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19590076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     36556911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       481329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     10240267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       312864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     22213317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               373751699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       421163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       360996                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       397096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       397096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       493362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       397096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       336930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       481329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       312864                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6642335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          99935861                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               99935861                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          99935861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     34198401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13441103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       421163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     10228234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       360996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     36316247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13441103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       397096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36388446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       397096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     34655663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     19590076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       493362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13429069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       397096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     34414999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       336930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     22189251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19590076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     36556911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       481329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     10240267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       312864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     22213317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              473687560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2211622                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841424                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808463                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237787                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19232863                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12130624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2211622                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1046250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2528649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        565847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1755397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1196066                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21354364     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154881      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195427      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310270      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130585      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168465      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195448      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89908      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283665      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19124417                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1879717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2516605                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336386                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14830321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19144232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         61943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1763147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2497970                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14739222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20581365                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68540416                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68540416                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3393315                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          192865                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721248                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387047                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18039416     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664970     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089735      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610477      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827803      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254954      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250300      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134628      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10730      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94433     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13036     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12357     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617700     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188562      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265188      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718734      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791889                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.540669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119826                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51600247                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158034                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13911715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721248                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5377                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114386                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549188                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243424                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915317                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718633                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.531155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13429520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13429420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8047623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21620823                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.526460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18304442     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645178     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960518      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477738      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437309      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183321      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181962      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86621      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244871      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       244871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37667695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29142443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                294184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1625915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.550892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.550892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60962574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18765449                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13711931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1788941                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1462766                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177142                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       760033                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         704351                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183504                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7968                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17361501                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10142884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1788941                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       887855                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2124889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        513187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       875075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1069583                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178073                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     20693664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       18568775     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         115474      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         181343      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         287298      1.39%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         120686      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         136577      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         142689      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          93879      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1046943      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     20693664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070130                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.397621                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       17198544                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1039747                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2118019                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         5445                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       331907                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       293318                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12384002                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       331907                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       17224455                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        251861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       711747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2097944                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        75748                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12374040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         3277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        21255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        27691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5280                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17175777                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     57552873                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     57552873                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     14645162                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2530610                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3224                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          226170                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1182127                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       634948                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19072                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       144226                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12355254                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3232                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11691038                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15704                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1570537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3503050                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          379                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20693664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15760826     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1981162      9.57%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1082940      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       739005      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688717      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198672      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153648      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52687      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36007      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20693664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2764     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8254     38.12%     50.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10633     49.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9792997     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184525      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1416      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1081824      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       630276      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11691038                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.458312                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21651                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44113095                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13929178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11501286                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11712689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35470                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215653                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20418                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          756                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       331907                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        171995                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12358506                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3113                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1182127                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       634948                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1807                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8185                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102273                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101804                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       204077                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11524038                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1017762                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1647655                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1622208                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           629893                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.451765                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11501508                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11501286                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6725202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        17559622                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.450873                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382992                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8602233                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     10544028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1814567                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2853                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       180636                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20361757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16079953     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2073595     10.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       807894      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435388      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       325288      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181534      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112544      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100093      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245468      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20361757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8602233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     10544028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1581004                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              966474                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1424                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1513456                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         9501039                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       214215                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       245468                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           32474832                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          25049131                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                283104                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               4815264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8602233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            10544028                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8602233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.965384                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.965384                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337224                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337224                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       51965517                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      15944518                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      11551808                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         2850                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1980536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1620287                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195018                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       809317                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         777098                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204468                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8890                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19067685                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11077609                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1980536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       981566                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2310230                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        533302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1000464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1167831                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195093                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22716362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20406132     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         107066      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         170277      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         231288      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         237436      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         201863      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         113142      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         168849      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1080309      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22716362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077641                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.434264                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18876669                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1195674                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2305810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2702                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       335506                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       325999                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13590907                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       335506                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18928207                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        170535                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       906350                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2257555                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       118206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13585063                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        16918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        50989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18958157                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     63197766                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     63197766                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16413927                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2544227                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1740                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          355309                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1271556                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       688771                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       221160                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13568327                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3366                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12880164                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1922                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1510502                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3620140                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22716362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17223214     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2292988     10.09%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1151594      5.07%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       839891      3.70%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664492      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271661      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171420      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89294      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11808      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22716362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2642     12.40%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7867     36.91%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10806     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10832479     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192344      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1167174      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       686554      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12880164                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.504928                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21315                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48499927                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15082259                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12684979                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12901479                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25847                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205131                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10341                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       335506                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        142519                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11627                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13571714                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1271556                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       688771                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1742                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9849                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113089                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109974                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       223063                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12701039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1097954                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179125                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1784456                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1804598                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           686502                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.497906                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12685090                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12684979                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7281545                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19625058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.497276                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371033                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9568358                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11774215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1797517                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3251                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       197235                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22380856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17512584     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2431559     10.86%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       901841      4.03%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430660      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384568      1.72%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209621      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168387      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82793      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258843      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22380856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9568358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11774215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1744855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1066425                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1697956                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10608423                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       242530                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       258843                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35693680                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27478991                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                290351                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2792566                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9568358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11774215                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9568358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.665967                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.665967                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.375098                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.375098                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       57162405                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17670033                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12599636                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2210325                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840553                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807867                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237399                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9503                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19224723                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12120925                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2210325                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1045266                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2525963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        565179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1767719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1195413                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193660                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23883919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21357956     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         154633      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         195178      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         309627      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         130593      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         168220      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         194772      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          89694      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1283246      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23883919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086649                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.475164                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19116164                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1892100                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2513940                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1243                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       360470                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       335965                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14817763                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1630                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       360470                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19135978                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         62295                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1775388                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2495326                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        54458                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14726523                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         7854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        37777                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     20565309                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     68478842                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     68478842                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17182344                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3382955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1845                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          191937                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382005                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       720738                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8115                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       164327                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14374599                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3565                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13781555                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13549                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1761214                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3598071                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23883919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18042916     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665189     11.16%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1088344      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611392      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       825883      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255109      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250009      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134245      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10832      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23883919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94319     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13042     10.90%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12345     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11609595     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188412      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1704      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1263610      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718234      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13781555                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.540264                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119706                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008686                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51580284                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16139467                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13420751                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13901261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10263                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265020                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           91                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10750                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       360470                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         47447                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6030                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14378169                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382005                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720738                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5272                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           91                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119045                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114592                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       233637                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13540120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1242654                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1960778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1914254                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           718124                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.530799                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13420845                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13420751                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8042179                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        21600834                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.526120                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372309                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9996685                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12318348                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2059886                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3441                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       204077                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23523449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18308301     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2643816     11.24%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959947      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477068      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437660      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183424      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181871      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86448      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244914      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23523449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9996685                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12318348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1826973                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1116985                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1716                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1785387                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11090650                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       254386                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       244914                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37656691                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29116956                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                294132                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1625009                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9996685                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12318348                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9996685                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.551739                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.551739                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.391890                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.391890                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60923038                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18754558                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13701414                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3438                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1746192                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1575193                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93040                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       647763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         620800                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          95920                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4080                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18514971                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10980744                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1746192                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       716720                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2170200                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        294055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2372212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1063838                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93316                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23256111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21085911     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          77215      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         157718      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          67186      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         359172      1.54%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         321863      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          61563      0.26%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         130294      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         995189      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23256111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068454                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430467                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18324105                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2564484                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2162169                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         6855                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       198493                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       153551                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12874765                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1451                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       198493                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18348932                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2369385                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       110413                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2146736                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        82147                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12867077                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           37                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        41949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        27360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          486                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     15114018                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     60597385                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     60597385                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     13365366                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1748647                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1502                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          765                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          192409                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3034019                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1533142                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14163                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        74787                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12839949                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1507                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12327747                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7087                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1017207                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2453105                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23256111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18830887     80.97%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1348472      5.80%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1095080      4.71%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       472081      2.03%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       590830      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       559718      2.41%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318058      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25266      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15719      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23256111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30979     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237084     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6929      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7734478     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107727      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          737      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2955644     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1529161     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12327747                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.483272                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274992                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48193684                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13859006                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12221813                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12602739                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22478                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       121408                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10389                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1085                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       198493                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2307255                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23034                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12841463                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3034019                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1533142                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14187                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55619                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       108627                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12241630                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2946221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86117                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            4475218                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1603198                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1528997                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.479896                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12222203                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12221813                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6605055                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        13044270                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.479119                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506357                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9920779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11658164                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1184699                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        94846                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23057618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18813790     81.59%     81.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1561589      6.77%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       727569      3.16%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       715958      3.11%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       197271      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       819129      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62046      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45570      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114696      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23057618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9920779                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11658164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4435361                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             2912608                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1538853                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10367328                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       112791                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       114696                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           35785759                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          25884263                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                399003                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2252817                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9920779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11658164                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9920779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.571263                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.571263                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.388914                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.388914                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       60516841                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      14197377                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15323819                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1980812                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1620480                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195040                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       809443                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         777214                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204509                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8896                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19070867                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11079407                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1980812                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       981723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2310591                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        533373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       991679                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2199                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1168021                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195117                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22711159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20400568     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         107085      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         170322      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         231321      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         237450      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         201891      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         113158      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         168879      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1080485      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22711159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077652                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.434334                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18879700                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1187030                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2306169                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2707                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       335552                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       326061                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13593049                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       335552                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18931245                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        163071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       905103                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2257910                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       118275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13587187                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        16984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        50987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18961138                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     63207647                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     63207647                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16416537                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2544588                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3357                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1742                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          355409                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1271744                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       688889                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8043                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       221171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13570478                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12882184                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1924                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1510830                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3620871                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22711159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17217081     75.81%     75.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2293464     10.10%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1151742      5.07%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840016      3.70%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664594      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271693      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171451      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89303      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11815      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22711159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2644     12.39%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7876     36.92%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10812     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10834173     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192368      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1167358      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       686672      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12882184                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.505007                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21332                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48498777                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15084742                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12686960                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12903516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25844                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205156                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10345                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       335552                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        135039                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11633                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13573869                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1271744                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       688889                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1744                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113106                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109983                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       223089                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12703030                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1098129                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1784746                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1804852                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           686617                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.497984                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12687073                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12686960                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7282726                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19627984                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.497354                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371038                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9569916                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11776061                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1797805                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       197260                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22375607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17506441     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2432053     10.87%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       901991      4.03%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430745      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384663      1.72%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209653      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168401      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82812      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258848      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22375607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9569916                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11776061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1745121                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1066588                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1698189                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10610133                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       242573                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       258848                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35690560                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27483324                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                290393                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2797769                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9569916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11776061                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9569916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.665533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.665533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.375159                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.375159                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       57171461                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17672781                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12601707                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1746953                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1576122                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93634                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       653728                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         621271                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96025                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18523249                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10985376                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1746953                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       717296                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2171212                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        295974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2371903                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1064812                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93864                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23266448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21095236     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          77230      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         157552      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          67328      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         359614      1.55%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         321595      1.38%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          62159      0.27%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         130323      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         995411      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23266448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068484                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430648                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       18314946                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2581632                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2163345                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6698                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       199822                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       153393                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          237                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12880874                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       199822                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       18341001                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2386468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       108852                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2147186                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        83114                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12873239                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           42                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        41999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        28100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          605                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15123501                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     60626172                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     60626172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     13361322                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        1762161                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1500                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          763                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          198126                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3034398                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1532997                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14163                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        74074                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12845823                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12329745                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7083                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1024825                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2473650                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23266448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18839871     80.97%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1349089      5.80%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1094700      4.71%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       473615      2.04%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       591457      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       558804      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       317728      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25277      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15907      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23266448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31017     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       236516     86.16%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6962      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7737149     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107692      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          736      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2955312     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1528856     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12329745                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.483350                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274495                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022263                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48207514                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13872491                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12223027                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12604240                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22257                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122494                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10649                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1081                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       199822                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2322316                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        24964                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12847337                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3034398                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1532997                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14944                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53652                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55718                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       109370                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12242876                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2945587                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            4474256                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1603076                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1528669                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.479945                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12223423                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12223027                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6605272                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        13052700                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.479167                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506046                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9917828                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11654798                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1193908                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1482                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        95437                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23066626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18824052     81.61%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1560939      6.77%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       727665      3.15%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       715541      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       198008      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       817978      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62077      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45406      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114960      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23066626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9917828                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11654798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              4434238                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             2911895                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               740                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1538448                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10364312                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       112766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       114960                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35800346                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          25897285                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                398968                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2242480                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9917828                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11654798                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9917828                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.572028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.572028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.388798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.388798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       60520527                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14200398                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15327481                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1480                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25508921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1789361                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1463551                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177185                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       762300                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         705192                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183773                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7974                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17372778                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10146495                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1789361                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       888965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2126084                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        512797                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       906300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1070227                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178062                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     20736943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       18610859     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         115400      0.56%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         181836      0.88%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         287402      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         120708      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         136551      0.66%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         143345      0.69%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          93757      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1047085      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     20736943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070146                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.397763                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       17209426                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1071367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2119257                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         5405                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       331486                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       292971                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12389395                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1602                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       331486                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       17235438                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        249330                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       743033                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2099128                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        78526                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12379434                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         2522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        27757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7935                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17183391                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     57580962                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     57580962                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     14655588                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2527803                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3229                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1812                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          226507                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1182719                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       635237                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19003                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       143853                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12360472                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3239                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        11695230                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15591                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1570376                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3508245                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          381                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20736943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15802605     76.21%     76.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1982612      9.56%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1082450      5.22%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       738658      3.56%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688953      3.32%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198953      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153833      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52863      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36016      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20736943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2799     12.95%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8198     37.94%     50.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10611     49.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9796997     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184577      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1417      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1081844      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       630395      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     11695230                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.458476                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21608                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44164602                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13934245                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11505122                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     11716838                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215562                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20259                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          757                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       331486                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        178291                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10789                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12363730                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3483                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1182719                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       635237                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1812                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8039                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102601                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101367                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       203968                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11527590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1017480                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1647528                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1622013                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           630048                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.451904                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             11505333                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            11505122                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6728104                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        17570660                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.451023                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382917                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8608398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     10551498                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1812307                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2858                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       180660                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20405457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16121242     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2074583     10.17%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       808410      3.96%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435470      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       325296      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181947      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112626      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100054      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245829      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20405457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8608398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     10551498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1582135                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              967157                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1426                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1514492                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         9507795                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       214362                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       245829                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           32523381                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          25059128                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                283099                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               4771978                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8608398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            10551498                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8608398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.963260                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.963260                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.337466                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.337466                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       51982734                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      15950833                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      11555454                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         2856                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1884321                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1544778                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186198                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       790628                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         734687                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193790                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8445                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18004580                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10710535                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1884321                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       928477                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2354971                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        528780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1650049                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1110204                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184766                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22349012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       19994041     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         254565      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         295137      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         162793      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         184911      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         103674      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          70992      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         182112      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1100787      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22349012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073869                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.419874                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       17855390                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1802474                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2334534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19178                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       337434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       305955                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1979                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13073065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        10250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       337434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       17884978                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        616003                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1105284                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2324982                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        80329                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13063625                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        19875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        37414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     18154646                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     60824630                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     60824630                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15494485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2660151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3452                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          218451                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1251184                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       679861                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17287                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       150015                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13041373                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3463                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12326404                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18021                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1628692                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3768841                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22349012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17155916     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2089146      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1122243      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       776514      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       678308      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346745      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85260      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54327      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40553      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22349012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3121     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11544     43.25%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12027     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10315201     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192369      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1509      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1142965      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       674360      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12326404                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.483219                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26692                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47046533                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14673668                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12117841                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12353096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31042                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224135                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15349                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          755                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          237                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       337434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        578047                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13004                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13044862                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1251184                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679861                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1942                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9057                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104358                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       211822                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12141687                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072404                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1746542                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1699154                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           674138                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.475978                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12118153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12117841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7202448                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        18860413                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.475043                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381882                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9099785                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11164586                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880496                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3046                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       187062                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22011578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17450071     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2115609      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       886396      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531971      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       369041      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238834      1.09%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123903      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99504      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196249      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22011578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9099785                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11164586                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1691561                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1027049                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1520                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1597938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10065295                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       227179                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       196249                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           34860346                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          26427617                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                277141                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3159916                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9099785                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11164586                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9099785                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.803245                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.803245                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.356729                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.356729                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       54774557                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      16816637                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12202954                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3042                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1977778                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1617952                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194541                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       812454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776217                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8893                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19042518                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11061308                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1977778                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       980311                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2307247                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        531928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1016634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1166113                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194584                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22701976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20394729     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         106902      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         170220      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         231326      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         237302      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         201703      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         112460      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         168352      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1078982      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22701976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077533                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.433625                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18850175                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1211644                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2302796                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2751                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       334609                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       325633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13571213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1526                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       334609                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18901484                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        162870                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       930299                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2254822                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       117889                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13565750                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        16941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        50830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18931222                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     63106057                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     63106057                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16395059                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2536139                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3312                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1699                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          354062                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1270045                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       687708                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8049                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       275810                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13549148                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12863262                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1938                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1505329                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3607091                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           75                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22701976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.253400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17172490     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2342836     10.32%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1165926      5.14%     91.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       822711      3.62%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       654481      2.88%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271422      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171217      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89039      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11854      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22701976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2619     12.32%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7858     36.96%     49.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10782     50.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10818573     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192085      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1611      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1165563      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       685430      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12863262                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.504265                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21259                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001653                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48451697                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15057857                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12668624                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12884521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25978                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       204810                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10039                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       334609                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        134755                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11537                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13552494                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1270045                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       687708                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1701                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9737                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112815                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109508                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       222323                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12684518                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1096652                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178744                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1782029                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1802254                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           685377                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.497258                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12668751                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12668624                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7272547                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        19598947                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.496635                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371068                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9557372                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11760722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1791751                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3246                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       196759                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22367367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17468198     78.10%     78.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2464046     11.02%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       897021      4.01%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430567      1.92%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406746      1.82%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210523      0.94%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153688      0.69%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        83418      0.37%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       253160      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22367367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9557372                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11760722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1742891                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1065230                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1620                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1696012                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10596298                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       242265                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       253160                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35666615                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27439601                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                289883                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2806952                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9557372                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11760722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9557372                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.669032                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.669032                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.374668                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.374668                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       57088191                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17646783                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12581379                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3242                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1789270                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1463270                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177974                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       760739                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         705306                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183712                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7949                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17384519                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10149095                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1789270                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       889018                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2126741                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        515250                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       882793                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1071541                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178902                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     20727492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       18600751     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         115590      0.56%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         181792      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         287959      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         120461      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         135858      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         143857      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          93956      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1047268      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     20727492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070143                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.397864                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       17220986                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1047994                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2119934                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         5428                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       333148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       293171                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12392911                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1566                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       333148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       17247122                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        211496                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       756327                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2099691                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        79706                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12383680                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         2322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        21164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        28105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8671                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17188855                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     57598903                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     57598903                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     14651194                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2537654                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3179                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1761                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          227687                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1183383                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       635455                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19064                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       145021                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12364720                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11698936                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15580                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1575005                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3512959                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          332                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20727492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15791667     76.19%     76.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1983159      9.57%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1082748      5.22%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       738893      3.56%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689472      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198667      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153867      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52975      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36044      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20727492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2774     12.80%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8285     38.22%     51.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10620     48.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9800170     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184514      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1417      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1082210      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       630625      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11698936                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.458621                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21679                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001853                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44162622                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13943066                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11507604                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     11720615                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35084                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216508                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20646                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          759                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       333148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        146199                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10755                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12367932                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3208                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1183383                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       635455                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1762                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7997                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103257                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101760                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       205017                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11530095                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1017584                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1647828                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1622400                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           630244                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.452002                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11507831                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11507604                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6729201                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        17574103                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.451121                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382904                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8605910                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     10548418                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1819554                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2857                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       181462                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20394344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16110933     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2074309     10.17%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       808568      3.96%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435309      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       324883      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181788      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112886      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100086      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245582      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20394344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8605910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     10548418                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1581684                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              966875                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1426                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1514037                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9505043                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       214304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       245582                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           32516682                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          25069125                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                283863                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               4781436                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8605910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            10548418                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8605910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.964117                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.964117                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.337369                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.337369                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       51992792                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      15954041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      11558408                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         2854                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1735011                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1554006                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139095                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1163202                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1148001                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100238                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18418877                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              9869198                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1735011                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1248239                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2198989                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        461147                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       765202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1115470                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136170                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     21704375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       19505386     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         340785      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         165047      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         336440      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         101872      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         313186      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          47691      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          77567      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         816401      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     21704375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068016                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.386892                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18252922                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       935680                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2194552                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1692                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       319525                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       158740                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1782                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     10993846                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4326                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       319525                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18272371                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        605843                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       269407                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2174808                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        62417                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     10976407                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        47720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     14335279                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     49676990                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     49676990                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     11561921                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2773335                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1418                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          719                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          144687                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2023244                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       311312                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2132                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        70502                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         10918371                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1422                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        10201883                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6840                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2018504                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4157990                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21704375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.081882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17234248     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1381495      6.37%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1525386      7.03%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       873524      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       442671      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112192      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129186      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3100      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2573      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21704375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16673     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6932     23.76%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5568     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7971970     78.14%     78.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77124      0.76%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          700      0.01%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1844021     18.08%     96.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308068      3.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     10201883                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.399934                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29173                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42144153                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12938329                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9939965                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     10231056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       419472                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8950                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       319525                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        536487                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10919800                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2023244                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       311312                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          717                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3720                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          217                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93426                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53969                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       147395                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10075118                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1818783                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       126764                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2126822                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1534924                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           308039                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.394964                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              9942728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             9939965                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6022806                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        12953593                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.389666                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.464953                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7925806                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      8886134                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2034116                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1411                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       138035                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21384850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18096288     84.62%     84.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1278387      5.98%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       834176      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       260705      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       440311      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83441      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52833      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47839      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290870      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21384850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      7925806                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      8886134                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1906134                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1603772                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               704                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1366758                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         7754773                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       107664                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       290870                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           32014204                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          22160291                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                417808                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3804553                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           7925806                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             8886134                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      7925806                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.218465                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.218465                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.310707                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.310707                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       46896582                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      12910056                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      11742487                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1410                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1881924                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1542830                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       185947                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       789665                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         733663                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193534                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8433                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17981563                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10697073                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1881924                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       927197                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2351907                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        528211                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1645618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1108813                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184574                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     22318129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       19966222     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         254204      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         294711      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         162580      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         184661      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         103546      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          70935      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         181878      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1099392      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     22318129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073775                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.419346                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       17832443                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1797971                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2331496                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        19152                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       337065                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       305547                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         1977                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13056441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        10241                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       337065                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       17861987                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        605533                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1111327                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2321902                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        80313                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13046947                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        19859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        37391                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     18131230                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     60746240                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     60746240                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15473485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2657742                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3448                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1939                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          218442                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1249642                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       678936                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17261                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       149802                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13024387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3459                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12310024                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17997                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1627178                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3765655                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22318129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17132040     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2086311      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1120709      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       775400      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       677460      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346287      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85142      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54272      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40508      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22318129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3116     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11535     43.26%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12014     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10301469     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192109      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1507      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1141496      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       673443      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12310024                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.482577                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26665                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46982839                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14655164                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12101647                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12336689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30980                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       223992                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15330                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          754                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          293                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       337065                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        565939                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12983                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13027872                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1249642                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       678936                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9032                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107303                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104228                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       211531                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12125524                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1071017                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184500                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1744242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1696861                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           673225                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.475344                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12101960                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12101647                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7192788                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        18834934                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.474408                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381885                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9087466                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11149451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1878642                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3042                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       186810                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21981064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17425724     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2112754      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       885184      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531264      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       368552      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238516      1.09%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123729      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99353      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       195988      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21981064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9087466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11149451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1689256                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1025650                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1518                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1595790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10051631                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       226869                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       195988                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           34813104                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          26393269                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                276750                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               3190799                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9087466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11149451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9087466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.807045                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.807045                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.356246                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.356246                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       54701325                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16794162                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12187473                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3038                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1748214                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1576857                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       652160                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         621096                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96159                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4087                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18544298                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10993441                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1748214                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       717255                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2172145                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        295200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2392334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1065633                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93802                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23308147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21136002     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          76828      0.33%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         157631      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          67291      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         359125      1.54%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         322043      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          62051      0.27%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         131219      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         995957      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23308147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.068533                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.430964                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       18353141                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2584917                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2164176                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         6801                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       199107                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       153885                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12890674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1472                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       199107                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       18378455                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2386195                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       112761                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2148133                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        83491                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12883040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        42101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        27991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          505                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     15138383                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     60671244                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     60671244                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     13383277                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        1755018                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1506                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          195782                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3035408                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1533917                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14105                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        74601                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12856205                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1510                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12342957                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7342                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1017956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2458904                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23308147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18875517     80.98%     80.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1353421      5.81%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1094277      4.69%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       474170      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       592204      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       558692      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318766      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25200      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15900      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23308147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31005     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       236954     86.21%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6908      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7747767     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107917      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          738      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2956706     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1529829     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12342957                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.483868                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274867                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022269                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48276270                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13876010                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12235936                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12617824                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22362                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       121576                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10413                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1085                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       199107                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2324260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23160                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12857726                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          127                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3035408                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1533917                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14331                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53522                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55912                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       109434                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12255669                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2947120                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87288                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            4476785                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1605243                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1529665                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.480446                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12236343                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12235936                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6613438                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        13065491                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.479673                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506176                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9931236                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11671117                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1187831                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        95372                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23109040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18858847     81.61%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1565538      6.77%     88.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       728199      3.15%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       716344      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       198016      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       819393      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62383      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45738      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114582      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23109040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9931236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11671117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              4437326                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             2913822                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1540737                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10379005                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       113068                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       114582                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           35853380                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          25917100                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                399225                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2200781                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9931236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11671117                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9931236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.568555                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.568555                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.389324                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.389324                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60578004                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      14219136                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15337913                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2210605                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840511                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202269                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846251                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807952                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237538                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9450                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19226293                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12125875                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2210605                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1045490                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2527169                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        564113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1765414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           60                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1195231                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193264                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23882184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21355015     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         154797      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         195715      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         310101      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         129945      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         168245      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         195387      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          89942      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1283037      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23882184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.086660                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.475358                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19116363                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1889780                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2515083                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       359700                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       336287                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          294                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14821018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1681                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       359700                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19136214                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         61799                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1773312                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2496429                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        54726                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14729242                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         7855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        38027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     20570567                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     68492920                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     68492920                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17191282                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3379279                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3541                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1835                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          193185                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380355                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       721287                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8100                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       164750                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3557                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13788954                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13265                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1758717                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3585920                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23882184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18038780     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665244     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090277      4.57%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610798      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826649      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254581      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250515      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134549      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10791      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23882184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94507     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12879     10.76%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12353     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11615811     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188532      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264100      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718806      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13788954                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.540554                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119739                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008684                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51593096                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16142060                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13428079                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13908693                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10201                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       262810                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           90                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10941                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       359700                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         47035                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6052                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383258                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10925                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380355                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721287                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1836                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5323                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           90                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114191                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       232921                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13547234                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1242944                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1961635                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1915390                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           718691                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.531078                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13428188                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13428079                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8047151                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        21614105                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.526407                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372310                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001874                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12324668                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2058642                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       203767                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23522484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18304343     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645230     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960309      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478088      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437534      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183741      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181820      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86557      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244862      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23522484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10001874                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12324668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1827890                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1117544                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1786285                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11096337                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       254504                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       244862                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37660854                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29126340                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                293385                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1626744                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10001874                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12324668                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10001874                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.550415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.550415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.392093                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.392093                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60954984                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18764406                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13707316                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1735863                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1554858                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139469                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1163747                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1148422                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100087                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4051                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18431635                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              9875565                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1735863                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1248509                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2200137                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        462211                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       777848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1116489                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136571                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     21731612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.738937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       19531475     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         340279      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         165603      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         336717      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         101975      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         313083      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          47829      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          77836      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         816815      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     21731612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068049                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.387142                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18266642                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       947354                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2195556                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1850                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       320206                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       158704                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1786                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     11001064                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       320206                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18286207                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        629865                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       257358                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2175830                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        62142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     10982807                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        47223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     14341735                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     49704600                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     49704600                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     11565264                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2776433                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1426                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          726                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          144644                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2024369                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       311627                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2064                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        70078                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         10924452                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1431                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        10210406                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7435                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2022042                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4156541                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21731612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.469841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.081930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17258528     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1382965      6.36%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1525318      7.02%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       873566      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       443652      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112352      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129483      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3143      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2605      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21731612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16796     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6930     23.64%     80.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5583     19.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7977591     78.13%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77019      0.75%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          701      0.01%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1846962     18.09%     96.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308133      3.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     10210406                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.400268                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29309                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42189164                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12947955                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9946448                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     10239715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       420377                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9111                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       320206                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        560743                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7595                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10925892                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2024369                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       311627                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          724                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3775                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          211                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93847                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54025                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       147872                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10083407                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1821281                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       126995                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2129386                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1535413                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           308105                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.395289                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              9949235                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             9946448                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6025599                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        12958243                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.389920                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.465001                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7927785                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      8888531                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2037798                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1415                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       138409                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21411406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18121340     84.63%     84.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1278796      5.97%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       834680      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       260787      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       440822      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83967      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        52679      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47863      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290472      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21411406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      7927785                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      8888531                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1906505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1603992                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               706                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1367095                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         7756956                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       107718                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       290472                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           32047237                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          22173138                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                417976                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               3777316                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           7927785                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             8888531                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      7927785                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.217661                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.217661                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.310785                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.310785                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       46934056                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      12917400                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      11749602                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1414                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.417097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.417097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    32.845668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   412.018783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1564.135549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.016038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.201181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.763738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      787166644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611256866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709191949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611256866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    709191949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611256866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    709191949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719972.751472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798639.582207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719972.751472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798639.582207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719972.751472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798639.582207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2877                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.585327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         123109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        24.996751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.210751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.769743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   838.983690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1176.621144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.009653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.409660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.574522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3410                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3411                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2876                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53109734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2638573051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2691682785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5496863                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5496863                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53109734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2644069914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     2697179648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53109734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2644069914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    2697179648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              6275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               6287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              6287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1562051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 929729.757223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937215.454387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1374215.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1374215.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1562051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 930355.353272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937823.243394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1562051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 930355.353272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937823.243394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                445                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     445                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50123338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2389361088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2439484426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5145663                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5145663                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50123338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2394506751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2444630089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50123338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2394506751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2444630089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1474215.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 841917.226216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849402.655292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1286415.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1286415.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1474215.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 842542.839901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850010.462100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1474215.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 842542.839901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850010.462100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1157                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.547244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         158765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        49.536661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.269076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.437018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   547.364453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1442.476697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.014862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.267268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.704334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  2670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   2685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2683                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  2685                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1118                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1157                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76483069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    913079743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     989562812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76483069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    913079743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      989562812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76483069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    913079743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     989562812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              3827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               3842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              3842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1961104.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816708.177996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855283.329300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1961104.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816708.177996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855283.329300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1961104.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816708.177996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855283.329300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                490                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     490                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73058869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    814402343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    887461212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73058869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    814402343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    887461212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73058869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    814402343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    887461212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1873304.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 729097.889884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767700.010381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1873304.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 729097.889884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767700.010381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1873304.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 729097.889884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767700.010381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          885                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.419448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         182422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        62.217599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.419448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.715060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   411.910178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1566.374762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.014998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.201128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.764831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  2788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   2804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2802                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  2804                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          850                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 885                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     97312976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    703095215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     800408191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     97312976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    703095215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      800408191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     97312976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    703095215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     800408191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              3673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               3689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              3689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.240947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.239902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.239902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2780370.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 827170.841176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 904416.035028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2780370.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 827170.841176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 904416.035028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2780370.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 827170.841176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 904416.035028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94239976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    628448292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    722688268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94239976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    628448292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    722688268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94239976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    628448292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    722688268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2692570.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 739350.931765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816596.912994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2692570.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 739350.931765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816596.912994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2692570.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 739350.931765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816596.912994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         3048                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.935675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         154694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         5096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        30.355965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.537101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.983185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1111.556916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         918.858472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.542752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.448661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  4133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1258                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1258                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   4133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  4133                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 3048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                3048                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60022425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2907103783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2967126208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9315066                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9315066                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60022425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2916418849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     2976441274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60022425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2916418849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    2976441274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              7175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1258                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1258                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               7181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              7181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.421613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.423972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.422098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.424453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.422098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.424453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2000747.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 965173.898738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 975386.656147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1552511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1552511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2000747.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 966341.566932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 976522.727690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2000747.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 966341.566932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 976522.727690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                544                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     544                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            3048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           3048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57387451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2642599920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2699987371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8788266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8788266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57387451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2651388186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2708775637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57387451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2651388186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2708775637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.421613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.422098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.422098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1912915.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 877357.211155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887569.812952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1464711                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1464711                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1912915.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 878524.912525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888705.917651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1912915.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 878524.912525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888705.917651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1157                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.546462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         158768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        49.537598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.267923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.436472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   547.320881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1442.521186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.014862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.267247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.704356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  2673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   2688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2686                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  2688                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1118                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1157                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77888474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    912720200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     990608674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77888474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    912720200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      990608674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     77888474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    912720200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     990608674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              3830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               3845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              3845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.300910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.300910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1997140.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816386.583184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 856187.272256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1997140.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816386.583184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 856187.272256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1997140.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816386.583184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 856187.272256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                490                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     490                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74464274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    814026800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    888491074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74464274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    814026800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    888491074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     74464274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    814026800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    888491074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1909340.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728761.683080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768590.894464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1909340.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728761.683080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768590.894464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1909340.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728761.683080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768590.894464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3057                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.936490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         154683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        30.300294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.537678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.762889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1111.083718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         918.552205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.542521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.448512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                1254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4125                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4126                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                3051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3024                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3057                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58727137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2894054601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2952781738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7210290                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7210290                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58727137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2901264891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     2959992028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     58727137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2901264891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    2959992028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              7177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            1254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               7183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              7183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.425108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1779610.212121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 958931.279324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 967807.845952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1201715                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1201715                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1779610.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 959412.993056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 968266.937520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1779610.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 959412.993056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 968266.937520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                547                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     547                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55829584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2628991139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2684820723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6682766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6682766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55829584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2635673905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2691503489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     55829584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2635673905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2691503489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1691805.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 871103.757124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879980.571288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1113794.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1113794.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1691805.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 871585.286045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880439.479555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1691805.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 871585.286045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880439.479555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         2914                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.596541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         123141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         4962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        24.816808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.218404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.976841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   845.246057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1171.155240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.009266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.412718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.571853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            721                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 721                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3440                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3441                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                2909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 2913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2880                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                2913                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44328501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2649324390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2693652891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4953564                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4953564                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44328501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2654277954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     2698606455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44328501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2654277954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    2698606455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              6342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          721                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             721                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               6354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              6354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.455929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.455696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.455696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1343287.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 921183.723922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 925972.117910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1238391                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1238391                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1343287.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 921624.289583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 926401.117405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1343287.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 921624.289583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 926401.117405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                445                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     445                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            2913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           2913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     41430102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2396768624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2438198726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4602364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4602364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     41430102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2401370988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2442801090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     41430102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2401370988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2442801090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.455929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.455696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.455696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1255457.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 833368.784423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838157.004469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1150591                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1150591                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1255457.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 833809.370833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838586.024717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1255457.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 833809.370833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838586.024717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1663                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.500242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         180067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        48.522501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.762196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.654297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   718.247487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1254.836263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.350707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.612713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3340                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3341                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1628                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1662                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61460209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1379532894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1440993103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2246962                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2246962                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61460209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1381779856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1443240065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61460209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1381779856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1443240065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.328419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.332932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.327697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.327697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1807653.205882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 848421.214022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 868068.134337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1123481                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1123481                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1807653.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 848759.125307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 868375.490373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1807653.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 848759.125307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 868375.490373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                954                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     954                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58474814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1236751141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1295225955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2071362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2071362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58474814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1238822503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1297297317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58474814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1238822503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1297297317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.328419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.327697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.327697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1719847.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 760609.557811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780256.599398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1035681                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1035681                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1719847.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 760947.483415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780563.969314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1719847.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 760947.483415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780563.969314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         1158                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.546752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         158759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        49.519339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.268452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.939633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   546.399568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1440.939098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.016084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.266797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.703584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  2665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   2680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2678                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  2680                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 1159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1118                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                1159                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82588166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    922949285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1005537451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82588166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    922949285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1005537451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82588166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    922949285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1005537451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              3824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               3839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              3839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.295689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2014345.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 825536.033095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 867590.553063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2014345.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 825536.033095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 867590.553063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2014345.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 825536.033095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 867590.553063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                490                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     490                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            1158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           1158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78974232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    823284413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    902258645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78974232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    823284413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    902258645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78974232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    823284413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    902258645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.295424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1926200.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 737049.608774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779152.543178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1926200.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 737049.608774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779152.543178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1926200.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 737049.608774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779152.543178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         2894                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.602156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         123131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         4942                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        24.915217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.226280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.580877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   845.057879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1171.737119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.412626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.572137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3432                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3433                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                2889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 2893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2860                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                2893                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45762870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2607573217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2653336087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6144504                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6144504                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45762870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2613717721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     2659480591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45762870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2613717721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    2659480591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              6314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               6326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              6326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1386753.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 913015.832283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 918427.167532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1536126                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1536126                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1386753.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 913887.315035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919281.227446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1386753.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 913887.315035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919281.227446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                448                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     448                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            2893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           2893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     42865470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2356816417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2399681887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5793304                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5793304                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     42865470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2362609721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2405475191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     42865470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2362609721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2405475191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1298953.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 825215.832283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830627.167532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1448326                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1448326                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1298953.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 826087.315035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831481.227446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1298953.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 826087.315035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831481.227446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1872                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.855588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         121412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        30.972449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.816701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.339585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   894.018286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1104.681015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.009443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.436532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.539395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            577                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 577                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3277                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3278                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1844                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1872                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     32101559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1444103807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1476205366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     32101559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1444103807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1476205366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     32101559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1444103807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1476205366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          577                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             577                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1146484.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 783136.554772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 788571.242521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1146484.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 783136.554772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 788571.242521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1146484.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 783136.554772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 788571.242521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                271                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     271                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     29642240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1282143683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1311785923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     29642240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1282143683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1311785923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     29642240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1282143683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1311785923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.360086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1058651.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 695305.684924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700740.343483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1058651.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 695305.684924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700740.343483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1058651.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 695305.684924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700740.343483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1663                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.498931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         180055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        48.519267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.779213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.659870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   717.512609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1255.547239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.011553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.350348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.613060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1778                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1778                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3331                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3332                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1628                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1662                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67232100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1387641531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1454873631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2246667                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2246667                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67232100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1389888198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1457120298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67232100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1389888198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1457120298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              4977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1778                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1778                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               4994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              4994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.328292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.328292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1977414.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 853408.075646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 876429.898193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1123333.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1123333.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1977414.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 853739.679361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 876727.014440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1977414.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 853739.679361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 876727.014440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                954                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     954                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64246900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1244866890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309113790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2071067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2071067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64246900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1246937957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1311184857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     64246900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1246937957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1311184857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.328292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.328292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1889614.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 765600.793358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788622.765060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1035533.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035533.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1889614.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 765932.406020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788919.889892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1889614.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 765932.406020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788919.889892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         3070                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.935138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         154701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         5118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        30.226846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.554482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.927972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1116.381734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         913.070950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.545108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.445835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  4136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1262                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1262                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   4136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4135                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  4136                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                3066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 3072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3038                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                3072                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78572209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2885729613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2964301822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9045805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9045805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78572209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2894775418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     2973347627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78572209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2894775418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    2973347627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              7202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1262                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1262                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               7208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              7208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.425715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.426193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.426193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2310947.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 951757.787929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 966830.339856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1507634.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1507634.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2310947.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 952855.634628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 967886.597331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2310947.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 952855.634628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 967886.597331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                546                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     546                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            3072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           3072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75586465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2619659116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2695245581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8519005                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8519005                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75586465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2628178121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2703764586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75586465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2628178121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2703764586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2223131.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 864003.666227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879075.531963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1419834.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1419834.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2223131.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 865101.422317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880131.701172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2223131.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 865101.422317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880131.701172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          891                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.452663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         182405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        62.084752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.452663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    32.954368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   413.008261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1563.037371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.016091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.201664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.763202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  2775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            859                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 859                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   2790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2788                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  2790                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          851                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 891                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94605367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    698330440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     792935807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94605367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    698330440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      792935807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94605367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    698330440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     792935807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              3666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          859                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             859                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               3681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              3681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.234823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.242054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.242054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2365134.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 820599.811986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889939.177329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2365134.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 820599.811986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889939.177329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2365134.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 820599.811986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889939.177329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                472                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     472                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     91092161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    623595505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    714687666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     91092161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    623595505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    714687666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     91092161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    623595505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    714687666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.234823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.233855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2277304.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 732779.676851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802118.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2277304.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 732779.676851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802118.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2277304.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 732779.676851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802118.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1872                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.877325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         121407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        30.971173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.816777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.520560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   894.182380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1105.357608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.436612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.539725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            577                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 577                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3272                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3273                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1846                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1872                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     33996467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1444891506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1478887973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     33996467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1444891506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1478887973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     33996467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1444891506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1478887973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              5139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          577                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             577                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.364273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.360688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.360688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1307556.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 782714.791983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790004.259081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1307556.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 782714.791983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790004.259081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1307556.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 782714.791983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790004.259081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                271                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     271                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     31713667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1282772380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1314486047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     31713667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1282772380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1314486047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     31713667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1282772380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1314486047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.360688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.360688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1219756.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 694892.946912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702182.717415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1219756.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 694892.946912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702182.717415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1219756.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 694892.946912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702182.717415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              490.839691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001204106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2018556.665323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.839691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.057435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38205.688546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.252884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.747116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.276107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1003737205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1911880.390476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    27.276107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.043712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1069524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1069524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1069524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1069524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1069524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1069524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78052441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78052441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78052441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78052441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78052441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78052441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1069583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1069583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1069583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1069583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1069583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1322922.728814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1322922.728814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53457461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53457461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53457461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53457461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53457461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53457461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527356.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527356.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              166740112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             25620.791641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.073529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.926471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.887006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.112994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       739939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       611582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       611582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1351521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1351521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1351521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1351521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        16735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        16735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7469920380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7469920380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     49803787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49803787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7519724167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7519724167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7519724167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7519724167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       756603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       756603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       611653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       611653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1368256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1368256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1368256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1368256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 448266.945511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448266.945511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701461.788732                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 701461.788732                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2885786719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2885786719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6042863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6042863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2891829582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2891829582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2891829582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2891829582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462465.820353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462465.820353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 503571.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 503571.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              509.734315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              998080242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1934264.034884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    34.734315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.055664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1167771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1167771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1167771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1167771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1167771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1167771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100765388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100765388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100765388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100765388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100765388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100765388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1167830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1167830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1167830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1167830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1167830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1167830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1707887.932203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1707887.932203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1707887.932203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1707887.932203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1707887.932203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1707887.932203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       930052                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       930052                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76954257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76954257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76954257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76954257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76954257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76954257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1876933.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876933.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1876933.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876933.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1876933.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876933.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              152107890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             37492.701504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   222.900000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    33.100000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.870703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.129297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       803721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        803721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       675226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       675226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1478947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1478947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1478947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1478947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        12315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        12315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4007101730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4007101730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6995997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6995997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4014097727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4014097727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4014097727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4014097727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       815952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       815952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       675310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       675310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1491262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1491262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1491262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1491262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.014990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 327618.488268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 327618.488268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 83285.678571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83285.678571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325951.906374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 325951.906374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325951.906374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 325951.906374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8514                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8514                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1095990940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1095990940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       977136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       977136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1096968076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1096968076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1096968076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1096968076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 289485.192816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289485.192816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65142.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65142.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 288599.862142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288599.862142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 288599.862142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288599.862142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              488.445942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001203455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2034966.371951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.445942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.053599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1195355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1195355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1195355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1195355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1195355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    151476755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151476755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    151476755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151476755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    151476755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151476755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1195411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1195411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1195411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2704942.053571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2704942.053571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2704942.053571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2704942.053571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2704942.053571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2704942.053571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2906671                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 726667.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     97733156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97733156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     97733156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97733156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     97733156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97733156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2641436.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2641436.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2641436.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2641436.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2641436.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2641436.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3652                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148428020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 3908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             37980.557830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   220.218199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    35.781801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.860227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.139773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       951657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        951657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       706436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1658093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1658093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         9378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         9378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2102766724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2102766724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6226922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6226922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2108993646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2108993646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2108993646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2108993646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       960960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       960960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       706511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1667471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1667471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1667471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1667471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 226031.035580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226031.035580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83025.626667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83025.626667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 224887.358285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224887.358285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 224887.358285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224887.358285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11066                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        11066                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    891815839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    891815839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1125726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1125726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    892941565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    892941565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    892941565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    892941565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 245273.883113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245273.883113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 70357.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70357.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 244507.547919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244507.547919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 244507.547919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244507.547919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              564.762316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1028779110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1792298.101045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.543957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   542.218359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.036128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.868940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.905068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1063789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1063789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1063789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1063789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1063789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1063789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80370839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80370839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80370839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80370839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80370839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80370839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1063838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1063838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1063838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1063838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1063838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1063838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1640221.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1640221.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1640221.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1640221.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1640221.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1640221.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60335525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60335525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60335525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60335525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60335525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60335525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1946307.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1946307.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1946307.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1946307.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1946307.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1946307.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              405037437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 7406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             54690.445180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   110.998730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   145.001270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2779528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2779528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1521231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1521231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4300759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4300759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4300759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4300759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        26067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        26067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12140081211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12140081211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     32383205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32383205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12172464416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12172464416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12172464416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12172464416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2805575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2805575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1521251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1521251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4326826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4326826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4326826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4326826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466083.664568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466083.664568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1619160.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1619160.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466968.366747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 466968.366747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466968.366747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 466968.366747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3214569212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3214569212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9364866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9364866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3223934078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3223934078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3223934078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3223934078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 449967.694849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449967.694849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1560811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1560811                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 450899.871049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450899.871049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 450899.871049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450899.871049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              509.733707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              998080432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1934264.403101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    34.733707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.055663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1167961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1167961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1167961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1167961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1167961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1167961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102726444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102726444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102726444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102726444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102726444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102726444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1168020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1168020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1168020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1168020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1168020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1168020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1741126.169492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1741126.169492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1741126.169492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1741126.169492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1741126.169492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1741126.169492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       927195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       927195                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78381937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78381937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78381937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78381937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78381937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78381937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1911754.560976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1911754.560976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1911754.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1911754.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1911754.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1911754.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3804                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              152108147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4060                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             37465.060837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   222.876512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    33.123488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.870611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.129389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       803873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        803873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       675327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       675327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1479200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1479200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1479200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1479200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        12326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        12326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4022841734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4022841734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6995815                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6995815                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4029837549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4029837549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4029837549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4029837549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       816115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       816115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       675411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       675411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1491526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1491526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1491526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1491526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 328609.845940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 328609.845940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 83283.511905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83283.511905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 326937.980610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 326937.980610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 326937.980610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 326937.980610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1095827671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1095827671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       976144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       976144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1096803815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1096803815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1096803815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1096803815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 289212.898126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289212.898126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65076.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65076.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 288329.078601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288329.078601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 288329.078601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288329.078601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              565.707983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1028780088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1782981.088388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.488126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   542.219858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.037641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.868942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1064767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1064767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1064767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1064767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1064767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1064767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78559880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78559880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78559880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78559880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78559880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78559880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1064812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1064812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1064812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1064812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1064812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1064812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1745775.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1745775.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1745775.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1745775.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1745775.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1745775.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        53453                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        53453                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59065137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59065137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59065137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59065137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59065137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59065137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1737209.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1737209.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1737209.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1737209.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1737209.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1737209.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7149                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              405036756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             54697.738825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.009130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.990870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.433629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.566371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2779258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2779258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1520824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1520824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4300082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4300082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4300082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4300082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        25955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        25955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12177416272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12177416272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23862950                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23862950                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12201279222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12201279222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12201279222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12201279222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2805193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2805193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1520844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1520844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4326037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4326037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4326037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4326037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 469536.004318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 469536.004318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1193147.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1193147.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 470093.593604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 470093.593604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 470093.593604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 470093.593604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3201098293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3201098293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7260090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7260090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3208358383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3208358383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3208358383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3208358383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 448144.798124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448144.798124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1210015                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1210015                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 448784.219191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448784.219191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 448784.219191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448784.219191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              516.889903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1003737853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1915530.253817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    26.889903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.043093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1070172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1070172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1070172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1070172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1070172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1070172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66786127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66786127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66786127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66786127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66786127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66786127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1070227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1070227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1070227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1214293.218182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1214293.218182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1214293.218182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1214293.218182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1214293.218182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1214293.218182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44691749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44691749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44691749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44691749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44691749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44691749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1314463.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1314463.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1314463.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1314463.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1314463.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1314463.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 6320                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              166740323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 6576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             25355.888534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   227.080401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    28.919599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.887033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.112967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       739699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       612022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       612022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1351721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1351721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1351721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1351721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        16783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        16783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7457826966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7457826966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     45946662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45946662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7503773628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7503773628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7503773628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7503773628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       756407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       756407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       612097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       612097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1368504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1368504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1368504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1368504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.022089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 446362.638616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446362.638616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 612622.160000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 612622.160000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 447105.620449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447105.620449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 447105.620449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447105.620449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          721                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             721                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2898987989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2898987989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5504728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5504728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2904492717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2904492717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2904492717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2904492717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 459573.238586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459573.238586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 458727.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458727.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 459571.632437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459571.632437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 459571.632437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459571.632437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              512.442975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              999329896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1932939.837524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.442975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.048787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1110151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1110151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1110151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1110151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1110151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90580692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90580692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90580692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90580692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90580692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90580692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1110204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1110204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1110204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1110204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1110204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1110204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1709069.660377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1709069.660377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1709069.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1709069.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1709069.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1709069.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61810554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61810554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61810554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61810554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61810554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61810554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1766015.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766015.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1766015.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766015.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1766015.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766015.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4968                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              157953784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             30236.176110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   223.731008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    32.268992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.873949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.126051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       783471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        783471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       660758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1444229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1444229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1444229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1444229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        17683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        17683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7075947233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7075947233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    277589896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    277589896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7353537129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7353537129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7353537129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7353537129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       800655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       800655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       661257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       661257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1461912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1461912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1461912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1461912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 411775.327805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411775.327805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 556292.376754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 556292.376754                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 415853.482384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 415853.482384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 415853.482384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 415853.482384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2786023                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 557204.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1611574319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1611574319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3241494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3241494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1614815813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1614815813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1614815813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1614815813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 325504.810947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325504.810947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 190676.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190676.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 325043.440620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325043.440620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 325043.440620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325043.440620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              512.474283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              998078517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1926792.503861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.474283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1166046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1166046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1166046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1166046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1166046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1166046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111288757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111288757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111288757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111288757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111288757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111288757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1166112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1166112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1166112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1166112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1166112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1166112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1686193.287879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1686193.287879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1686193.287879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1686193.287879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1686193.287879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1686193.287879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       331837                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 165918.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83153510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83153510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83153510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83153510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83153510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83153510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1933802.558140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1933802.558140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1933802.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1933802.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1933802.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1933802.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3795                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              152105991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             37547.763762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   222.856584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    33.143416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.870534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.129466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       802633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        802633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       674459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       674459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1621                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1621                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1477092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1477092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1477092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1477092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        12314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        12314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4011257234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4011257234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7104319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7104319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4018361553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4018361553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4018361553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4018361553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       814861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       814861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       674545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       674545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1621                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1621                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1489406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1489406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1489406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1489406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 328038.700851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 328038.700851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82608.360465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82608.360465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 326324.634806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 326324.634806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 326324.634806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 326324.634806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1105571361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1105571361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       991932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       991932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1106563293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1106563293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1106563293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1106563293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 292401.841047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292401.841047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66128.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66128.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 291507.716807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291507.716807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 291507.716807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291507.716807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              516.225596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1003739163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1915532.753817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.225596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.042028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1071482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1071482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1071482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1071482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1071482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76778220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76778220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76778220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76778220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76778220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76778220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1071541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1071541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1071541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1301325.762712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1301325.762712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1301325.762712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1301325.762712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1301325.762712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1301325.762712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46128160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46128160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46128160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46128160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46128160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46128160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1356710.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1356710.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1356710.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1356710.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1356710.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1356710.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 6292                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166740711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             25464.372480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   227.060880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    28.939120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.886957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.113043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       740301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        740301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       611859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       611859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1352160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1352160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1352160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1352160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        16562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        16562                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7276501419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7276501419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     58343880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     58343880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7334845299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7334845299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7334845299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7334845299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       756793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       756793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       611929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       611929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1368722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1368722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1368722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1368722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 441214.007943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441214.007943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       833484                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       833484                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442871.953810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442871.953810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442871.953810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442871.953810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10270                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2856283476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2856283476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6690504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6690504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2862973980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2862973980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2862973980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2862973980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 454822.209554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454822.209554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       557542                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       557542                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 455018.115067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455018.115067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 455018.115067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455018.115067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.428142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              917842876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1650796.539568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.236412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.191731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.038840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1115431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1115431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1115431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1115431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1115431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1115431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     37273598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37273598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     37273598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     37273598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     37273598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     37273598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1115470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1115470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1115470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1115470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1115470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1115470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 955733.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955733.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 955733.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955733.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 955733.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955733.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     32417105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32417105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     32417105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32417105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     32417105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32417105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1117831.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1117831.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1117831.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1117831.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1117831.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1117831.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              204648007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             38059.885996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   191.142773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    64.857227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.746651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.253349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1667335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1667335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       300912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       300912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          708                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          705                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          705                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1968247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1968247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1968247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1968247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8195928352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8195928352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2214482                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2214482                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8198142834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8198142834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8198142834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8198142834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1685385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1685385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       300938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       300938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          708                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          708                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          705                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          705                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1986323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1986323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1986323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1986323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 454068.052742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454068.052742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85172.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85172.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 453537.443793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453537.443793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 453537.443793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453537.443793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12955                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12955                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1674045197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1674045197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1674429797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1674429797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1674429797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1674429797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327281.563441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327281.563441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 326973.207772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326973.207772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 326973.207772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326973.207772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              512.435184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              999328509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1932937.154739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.435184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.048774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1108764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1108764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1108764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1108764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1108764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99639292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99639292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99639292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99639292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99639292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99639292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1108813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1108813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1108813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2033454.938776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2033454.938776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2033454.938776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2033454.938776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2033454.938776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2033454.938776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67579457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67579457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67579457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67579457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67579457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67579457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1930841.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1930841.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1930841.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1930841.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1930841.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1930841.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4959                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              157951850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             30287.986577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   223.710298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    32.289702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.873868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.126132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       782443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        782443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       659856                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       659856                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1654                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1654                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1442299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1442299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1442299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1442299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        17654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        17654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7121515379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7121515379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    341571255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    341571255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7463086634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7463086634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7463086634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7463086634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       799598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       799598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       660355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       660355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1459953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1459953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1459953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1459953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 415127.681667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 415127.681667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 684511.533066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 684511.533066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 422741.964087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 422741.964087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 422741.964087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 422741.964087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3442095                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       688419                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12695                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12695                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1619108094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1619108094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3224767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3224767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1622332861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1622332861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1622332861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1622332861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327622.034399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327622.034399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 189692.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189692.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327149.195604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327149.195604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327149.195604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327149.195604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              565.465300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1028780904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1779897.757785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.687373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.777927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.037961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.868234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1065583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1065583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1065583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1065583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1065583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1065583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    102633400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102633400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    102633400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102633400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    102633400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102633400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1065633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1065633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1065633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1065633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1065633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1065633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2052668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2052668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2052668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2052668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2052668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2052668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       708226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       708226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78934709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78934709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78934709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78934709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78934709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78934709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2255277.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2255277.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2255277.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2255277.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2255277.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2255277.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              405038866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             54535.999192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   110.982789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   145.017211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.433527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.566473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2780207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2780207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1521981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1521981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4302188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        4302188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4302188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       4302188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        26109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        26129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        26129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        26129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        26129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12128264926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12128264926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     31242115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31242115                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12159507041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12159507041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12159507041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12159507041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2806316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2806316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1522001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1522001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4328317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4328317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4328317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4328317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 464524.299131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 464524.299131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1562105.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1562105.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 465364.424241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 465364.424241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 465364.424241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 465364.424241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18956                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18956                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3193704106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3193704106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9095605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9095605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3202799711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3202799711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3202799711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3202799711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 445612.404911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445612.404911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1515934.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515934.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 446507.697058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446507.697058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 446507.697058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446507.697058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              490.688222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001203268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2014493.496982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.688222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.057193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1195168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1195168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1195168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    139496595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    139496595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    139496595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    139496595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    139496595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    139496595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1195229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2286829.426230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2286829.426230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2286829.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2286829.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2286829.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2286829.426230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2278979                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 759659.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95068072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95068072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95068072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95068072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     95068072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95068072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2263525.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2263525.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2263525.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2263525.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2263525.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2263525.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 3639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              148428636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 3895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             38107.480359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   220.238094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    35.761906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.860305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.139695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       951913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        951913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       706803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1658716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1658716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         9339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         9339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2105665914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2105665914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5408592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5408592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2111074506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2111074506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2111074506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2111074506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       961189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       706866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1668055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1668055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 227001.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227001.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85850.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85850.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 226049.309990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226049.309990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 226049.309990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226049.309990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    886111893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    886111893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1042340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1042340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    887154233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    887154233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    887154233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    887154233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 244512.111755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244512.111755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 69489.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69489.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 243790.665842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243790.665842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 243790.665842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243790.665842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              549.668579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              917843896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1656757.935018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.475989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.192590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.037622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1116451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1116451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1116451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1116451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1116451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1116451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44124023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44124023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44124023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44124023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44124023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44124023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1116489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1116489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1116489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1116489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1116489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1116489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1161158.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1161158.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1161158.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1161158.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1161158.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1161158.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     34277863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34277863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     34277863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34277863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     34277863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34277863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1269550.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1269550.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1269550.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1269550.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1269550.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1269550.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5118                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              204650715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             38081.636584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   191.166284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    64.833716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.746743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.253257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1669888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1669888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       301061                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       301061                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          707                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          707                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1970949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1970949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1970949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1970949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18107                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8185704719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8185704719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2244311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2244311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8187949030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8187949030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8187949030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8187949030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1687969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1687969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       301087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       301087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          707                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          707                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1989056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1989056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1989056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1989056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 452724.114761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452724.114761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86319.653846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86319.653846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 452197.991385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452197.991385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 452197.991385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452197.991385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12989                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12989                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1674524694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1674524694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       399782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       399782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1674924476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1674924476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1674924476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1674924476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 327567.428404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327567.428404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66630.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66630.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 327261.523251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327261.523251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 327261.523251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327261.523251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
