
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.111551                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                111551455245                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               639326831790                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 309022                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   389314                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1960468                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56900.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17583462035                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22152123362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1104256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4430720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1534720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2321024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2383232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4421760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1105664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3736320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3727360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1106560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2389504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3726848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1105536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3735552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39976832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10867200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10867200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         8627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        34615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        11990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        18133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        18619                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        34545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        29190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        29120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         8645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        18668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        29116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         8637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        11982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        29184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                312319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           84900                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                84900                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13748776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        43603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      9899073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     39719069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        50488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13757956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        39013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20806757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21364419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39638748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        43603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9911695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33494139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33413818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        43603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9919727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21420644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33409228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      9910548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13748776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33487255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               358371228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        43603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49340                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        50488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        39013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        43603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        43603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        45898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             720600                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          97418720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               97418720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          97418720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13748776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        43603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      9899073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        49340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     39719069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        50488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13757956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        39013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20806757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21364419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39638748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        43603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9911695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33494139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33413818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        43603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9919727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21420644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        47046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33409228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      9910548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        45898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13748776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        44751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33487255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              455789948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20643116                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16889356                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023695                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8657513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8137890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92427                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199115602                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115386431                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20643116                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10274064                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24099242                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5498189                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     10867433                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12181498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024699                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    237530526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      213431284     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1124303      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1784581      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2420718      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2489730      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2107889      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1177438      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1753075      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11241508      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    237530526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077168                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431336                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197065737                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     12934835                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24054613                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        27459                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3447877                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398591                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141611978                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1952                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3447877                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197603825                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1759288                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      9922238                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23550120                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1247173                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141560298                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       185829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       534817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197547559                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658513488                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658513488                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26002018                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3699800                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13262734                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7183625                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84610                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735119                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141400711                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134420620                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18371                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15419193                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36721806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1720                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237530526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180600018     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23452753      9.87%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11870665      5.00%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8911846      3.75%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7012044      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836928      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790101      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931791      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124380      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237530526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25261     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81843     36.62%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116367     52.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113060610     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001326      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12180952      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7160870      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134420620                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.502489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223471                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506613607                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156856177                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132397463                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134644091                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273173                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118453                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          548                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94022                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3447877                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1456901                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121846                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141436581                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13262734                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7183625                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102673                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          548                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131761                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132557126                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462268                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1863493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18622865                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18844331                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160597                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.495523                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132397685                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132397463                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        75997237                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204775698                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.494926                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18387638                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234082649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183573507     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25045298     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9453593      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4507227      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3814502      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2181104      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1894158      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       859774      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2753486      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234082649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2753486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          372765059                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286321111                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3020353                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              29978960                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.675095                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.675095                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.373819                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.373819                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596624698                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184430741                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131274097                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23179026                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19297879                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2107487                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9114260                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8498800                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2495446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98426                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201819460                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            127170868                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23179026                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10994246                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            26513486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5850597                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     18475367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12529458                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2013902                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    250533763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      224020277     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1626071      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2055247      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3270383      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1364561      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1760657      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        2053360      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         939659      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13443548      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    250533763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.475388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      200638499                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     19771660                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        26387766                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        12260                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3723571                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3528350                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          516                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    155414589                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2858                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3723571                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      200840640                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        645239                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     18563904                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        26198267                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       562136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    154457114                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        81508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       392457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    215764493                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    718299757                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    718299757                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    180734879                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       35029614                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        38111                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20187                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1978062                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     14440798                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7563213                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84277                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1707569                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        150828554                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38245                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       144771831                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143716                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18170473                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36887572                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2095                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250533763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189178958     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27993642     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11441631      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6405406      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8684068      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2673408      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2631707      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414389      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110554      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250533763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997280     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133700     10.61%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129133     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121967764     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1980014      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17923      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13266681      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7539449      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    144771831                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.541184                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260113                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008704                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541481254                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169037956                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141014029                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    146031944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106435                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2693776                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          686                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98595                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3723571                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        491618                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62395                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150866803                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14440798                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7563213                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20188                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          686                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1253710                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1175648                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2429358                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142256045                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13049976                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2515786                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20588969                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       20123294                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7538993                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.531779                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            141014323                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           141014029                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        84481725                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       226932350                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527137                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105148006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    129567209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21300181                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36150                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2125507                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246810192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191971996     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27789038     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10090177      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5029665      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4598785      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1934358      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908331      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910830      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577012      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246810192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    105148006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    129567209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             19211640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11747022                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             18034                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         18780782                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       116652421                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2675579                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2577012                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          395099842                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         305458365                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3057284                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              16975723                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         105148006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           129567209                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    105148006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.544123                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.544123                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.393063                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.393063                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      640111498                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     197056654                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     143771632                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        36120                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18083218                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16318186                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       947428                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6742823                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6462021                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         997369                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41894                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191812898                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            113640961                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18083218                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      7459390                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22476208                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       2993005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     26728962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11003943                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       951345                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    243042796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      220566588     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         801203      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1637679      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         699449      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        3730823      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3332864      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         641701      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1348310      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10284179      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    243042796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067598                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.424811                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      189813634                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     28743246                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22392511                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        71933                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2021467                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1586599                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          496                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    133259793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2785                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2021467                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      190068361                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles      26721793                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1155703                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22240310                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       835155                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    133187662                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       427847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       276453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5506                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    156379931                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    627257649                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    627257649                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    138588184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       17791743                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        15450                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7801                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1949524                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     31417450                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     15882815                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145713                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       771467                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        132926594                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15496                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       127703142                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73504                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10373118                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25008710                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243042796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197172405     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14009993      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11334795      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4897436      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6115957      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5793013      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3294174      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262870      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162153      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243042796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        322014     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2454844     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71691      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80117547     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1115549      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7646      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30617550     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15844850     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    127703142                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.477378                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2848549                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022306                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501371133                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143318505                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126611686                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    130551691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       228629                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1232469                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          483                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3301                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99961                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11256                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2021467                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles      26067841                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       252877                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132942183                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1255                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31417450                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15882815                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7802                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       156023                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           89                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3301                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       550372                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       561583                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1111955                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126811846                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30518084                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       891296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           46361378                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16618216                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         15843294                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.474046                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            126615009                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           126611686                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        68407133                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       135093500                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506369                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102864179                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    120882716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12074066                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15412                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       968168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241021329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    197011884     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16201048      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7543965      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7415165      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2055453      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8485758      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       647598      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471611      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1188847      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241021329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    102864179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    120882716                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             45967835                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            30184981                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7694                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15963692                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       107493602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1171031                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1188847                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          372788952                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         267935205                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4117139                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              24466690                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         102864179                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           120882716                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    102864179                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.600609                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.600609                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384525                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384525                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      626889332                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     147036029                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     158637281                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        15388                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              267507864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20688107                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16928221                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2019870                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8485640                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8136503                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136874                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91990                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199190901                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            115729243                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20688107                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10273377                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24150529                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5520061                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     10778476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12186036                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2021235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    237594305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      213443776     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1126262      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1786992      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2421993      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2491279      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2106211      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1177617      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1753181      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11286994      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    237594305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077336                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432620                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      197142477                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     12844913                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24105776                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        27589                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3473545                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3404877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    141986226                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1962                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3473545                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      197683583                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1808025                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      9782678                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23598418                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1248051                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    141934426                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       185453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       535373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    198065432                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    660304294                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    660304294                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    171715665                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26349687                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35262                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18380                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3705190                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13273973                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7200810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84756                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1751276                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        141763996                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       134626336                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18576                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15668685                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37521848                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1348                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237594305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180598837     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23463108      9.88%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11872490      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8940910      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7029037      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2840713      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1793309      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931257      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124644      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237594305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25400     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81889     36.65%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116117     51.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113225804     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2011877      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16878      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12193768      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178009      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    134626336                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503261                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223406                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507088959                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157468621                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132609813                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    134849742                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       274671                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118645                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          554                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104198                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3473545                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1504487                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122178                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141799525                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        39663                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13273973                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18384                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103033                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          554                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1175348                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1135744                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2311092                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132771413                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11475853                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1854923                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18653588                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18866365                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7177735                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496327                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            132610015                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           132609813                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        76122611                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       205114181                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495723                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100099085                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    123170898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18628562                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34040                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2045396                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234120760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183562923     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25070717     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9460158      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4512290      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3817310      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2183600      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1896130      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       862081      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2755551      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234120760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    100099085                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    123170898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18251919                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11155316                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16982                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17761493                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       110975458                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2536354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2755551                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          373163980                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         287072596                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3017865                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              29913559                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         100099085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           123170898                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    100099085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.672431                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.672431                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374191                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374191                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      597571740                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     184723441                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     131643143                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        34010                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              267509485                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18404053                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16423865                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1468149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12315121                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11986114                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1111232                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44602                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194336015                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            104490959                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18404053                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     13097346                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23300949                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       4804576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      7817423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11758998                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1441022                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    228782520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      205481571     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        3542136      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1800299      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3505405      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1134263      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3245880      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         514367      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         830299      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        8728300      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    228782520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068798                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.390607                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      192493557                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      9704527                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23255107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        18526                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3310802                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1746596                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17331                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    116964649                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        32724                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3310802                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      192703313                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       6210932                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      2828624                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23047209                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       681633                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    116795100                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        90624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       521375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    153154957                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    529449956                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    529449956                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    124301968                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       28852971                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        15775                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7987                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1571475                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     20997869                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      3438447                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22650                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       782122                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        116190651                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15832                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       108838500                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71142                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20878211                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42745303                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228782520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181064063     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15045206      6.58%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15967228      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9229605      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4788246      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1200262      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1427218      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33115      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27577      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228782520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183462     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75354     23.51%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61759     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85393544     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857923      0.79%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7789      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19170356     17.61%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3408888      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    108838500                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.406858                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320575                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002945                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446851237                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137084980                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106080197                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    109159075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        85023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4267696                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          293                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78743                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3310802                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       5438565                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82024                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116206567                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14698                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20997869                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3438447                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7984                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2171                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          293                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       991459                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       565316                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1556775                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107451693                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18892469                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1386807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           22301164                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16328888                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          3408695                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.401674                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            106104752                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           106080197                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        64179679                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       140083437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.396547                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.458153                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84488876                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     95181363                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21029867                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15710                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1458884                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225471718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    190003781     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13958596      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8942244      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2818956      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4665654      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       916273      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580020      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       532242      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3053952      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225471718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     84488876                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     95181363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             20089870                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            16730168                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7838                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         14598219                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        83198556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1195922                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3053952                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          338628684                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         235735902                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4331603                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              38726965                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          84488876                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            95181363                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     84488876                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.166210                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.166210                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.315835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.315835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      499358787                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     138290993                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     124112520                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        15696                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19625642                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16092104                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923272                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8144469                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7665983                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2014692                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86491                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187444530                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            111571424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19625642                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9680675                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24541348                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5463671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     17725130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11550029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912681                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    233217223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      208675875     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2663156      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3076480      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1692195      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1942831      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1074491      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         731003      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1899928      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11461264      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    233217223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073364                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.417075                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      185911736                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     19286458                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24337318                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       193473                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3488237                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3187412                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        17978                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    136193441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        89375                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3488237                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      186209263                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6218622                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     12234067                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24240955                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       826070                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    136109661                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       210793                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       382489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    189141049                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    633703001                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    633703001                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    161544397                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       27596641                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        35938                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2216052                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12999207                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7081585                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186587                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1573484                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        135888700                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36024                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       128446653                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       181353                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16952030                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39134165                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4295                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233217223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179094330     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21766035      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11701627      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8096806      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7075009      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3619245      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       879292      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       564099      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420780      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233217223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33702     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117716     42.67%     54.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124439     45.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107512588     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2007525      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15732      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11880672      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7030136      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    128446653                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.480157                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275857                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002148                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490567739                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152877980                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126308169                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    128722510                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324255                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2294781                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          778                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1227                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       155401                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7867                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4332                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3488237                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       5746648                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       141598                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135924846                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        69177                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12999207                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7081585                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99609                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1227                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1115129                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079263                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2194392                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126551682                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11159529                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1894971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18188147                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17707241                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7028618                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.473074                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            126310060                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           126308169                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        75068021                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       196598266                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.472163                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94864146                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    116386629                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19539624                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31729                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1934397                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229728986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182181023     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22047294      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9242830      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5556459      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3840631      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2484560      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1287306      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1035926      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2052957      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229728986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     94864146                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    116386629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17630610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10704426                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15830                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16656768                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       104927358                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2367879                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2052957                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          363601645                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         275340819                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2873901                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              34292263                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          94864146                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           116386629                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     94864146                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.819922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.819922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.354620                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.354620                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      570858556                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     175294744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     127114716                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        31700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18034050                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16274325                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       944123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6727955                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6443271                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         994292                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41462                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191231879                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            113324901                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18034050                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      7437563                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            22411671                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       2985564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     27167384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10970454                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       947865                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    242830136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      220418465     90.77%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         798397      0.33%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1632345      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         697033      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        3720048      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3322573      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         638292      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1346558      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10256425      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    242830136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067415                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.423629                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      189248362                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     29164522                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        22328199                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        71627                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      2017421                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1581851                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          494                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    132889532                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2794                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      2017421                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      189502335                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles      27126068                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1172542                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        22175680                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       836083                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    132817258                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          559                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       428143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       276460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5809                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    155944861                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    625505201                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    625505201                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    138184970                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       17759886                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        15411                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7783                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1943977                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     31329308                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     15836834                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       143967                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       769391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        132555548                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       127333865                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73516                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10361653                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25000567                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242830136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.314915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197104280     81.17%     81.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13959791      5.75%     86.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11294279      4.65%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4884325      2.01%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6099530      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5778786      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3285512      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       261645      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161988      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242830136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        320607     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2448304     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71496      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79884941     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1112266      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7624      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30530092     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15798942     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    127333865                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.475998                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2840407                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500411789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142935952                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126245500                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    130174272                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       227919                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1231497                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          480                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3300                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99602                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11224                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      2017421                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles      26482293                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       250956                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132571097                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1415                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31329308                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15836834                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7784                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       155365                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           97                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3300                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       548410                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       560099                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1108509                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126446718                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30431683                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       887147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           46229080                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16570474                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         15797397                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.472681                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            126248880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           126245500                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        68208350                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       134701743                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.471929                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506366                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102565610                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    120531586                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12054132                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       964771                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240812715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196935287     81.78%     81.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16150197      6.71%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7519769      3.12%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7394812      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2048313      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8462585      3.51%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       646132      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       470514      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1185106      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240812715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    102565610                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    120531586                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             45835040                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            30097808                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              7672                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15917277                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       107181298                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1167575                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1185106                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          372213015                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         267189028                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4105256                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              24679350                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         102565610                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           120531586                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    102565610                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.608179                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.608179                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.383409                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.383409                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      625079576                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     146611080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     158191339                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        15344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       23189143                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19311907                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2112204                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9153450                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8505349                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2498142                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98415                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202014155                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            127238801                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          23189143                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     11003491                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            26530644                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5862172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     18250774                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12543340                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2019067                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    250527845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      223997201     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1625008      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2064443      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3273164      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1363573      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1759031      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2057019      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         936148      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13452258      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    250527845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086685                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.475642                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      200832866                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     19547269                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26404947                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        12364                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3730392                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3524222                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          517                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    155497252                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2530                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3730392                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      201035507                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        646093                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     18338341                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26214906                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       562600                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    154538642                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        81343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       392522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    215898259                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    718725560                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    718725560                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    180824906                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       35073343                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        38138                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20205                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1981435                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14447855                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7562635                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1709218                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        150899159                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38269                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       144846922                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141840                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18194879                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36890944                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2099                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250527845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189137520     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28019524     11.18%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11437032      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6410809      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8690715      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2672162      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2633697      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1416033      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110353      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250527845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        998401     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132982     10.55%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129166     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122034514     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1980789      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17932      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13274464      9.16%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7539223      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    144846922                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.541465                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260549                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008703                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541624078                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169133003                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141081344                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    146107471                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107507                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2694986                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           41                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          697                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94281                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3730392                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        491885                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150937432                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116800                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14447855                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7562635                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20206                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54733                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          697                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1259048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1175302                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2434350                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142323914                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13057076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2523008                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20595844                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       20127347                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7538768                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532033                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            141081624                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           141081344                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        84534292                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       227105139                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527388                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105200357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    129631684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21306356                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36170                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2130246                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246797453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191928821     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27804244     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10098160      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5031581      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4601610      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1934862      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1909337      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       911099      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577739      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246797453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    105200357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    129631684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19221220                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11752866                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             18044                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18790093                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       116710498                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2676908                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2577739                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          395157026                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         305606494                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3063358                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              16981641                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         105200357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           129631684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    105200357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.542857                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.542857                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393258                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393258                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      640444041                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     197162838                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     143844535                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        36140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18856412                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15421650                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1842111                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7774446                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7434560                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1937660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81527                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182989740                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            107016920                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18856412                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9372220                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            22423312                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5364352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      8383754                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11254184                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1854297                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    217278320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      194855008     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1219780      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1921147      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3057067      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1264808      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1407779      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1513256      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         984552      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11054923      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    217278320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070489                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.400049                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      181250757                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     10136531                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        22353436                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        56547                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3481045                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3090887                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          447                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    130660059                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2898                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3481045                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      181531226                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2012669                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      7292393                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        22134765                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       826218                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    130574927                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        34299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       223463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       303825                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        63160                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    181273215                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    607419004                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    607419004                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    154658953                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       26614260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        33640                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18685                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2419702                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12436504                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6690857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       201795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1521963                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        130387816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33743                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       123390659                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155803                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16517915                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36888755                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3580                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217278320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    165218469     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20914812      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11422559      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7793233      3.59%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7274434      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2088869      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1632427      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       553749      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       379768      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217278320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28540     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87388     38.43%     50.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111438     49.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103363491     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1953060      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14953      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11403228      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6655927      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    123390659                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.461257                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227366                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464442807                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146940816                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121411965                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    123618025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       371172                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2228963                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          345                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1370                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       201947                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7694                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3481045                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1262718                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       110011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130421702                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54962                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12436504                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6690857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18680                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80711                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1370                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1076166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1053077                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2129243                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121638194                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10726498                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1752465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           17380764                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17120829                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6654266                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.454706                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            121412792                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           121411965                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        70987010                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       185432600                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.453860                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382818                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90845868                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    111353711                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19068461                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1881488                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213797275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168595357     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21892429     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8519995      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4592969      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3434531      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1919851      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1186066      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1060006      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2596071      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213797275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     90845868                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    111353711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             16696451                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10207541                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15048                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15984302                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       100338010                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2262089                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2596071                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          341622765                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         264325593                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2965950                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              50231166                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          90845868                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           111353711                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     90845868                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.944652                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.944652                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.339599                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.339599                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      548512140                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     168289475                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     121888352                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        30136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              267509480                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       18803583                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15378288                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1834201                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7779612                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7417491                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1931146                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81089                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182406603                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            106710811                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          18803583                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9348637                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            22361408                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5340854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      8347569                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11216842                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1846478                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    216581675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      194220267     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1216323      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1914348      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3047113      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1265086      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1410147      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1505410      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         980136      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11022845      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    216581675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070291                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398905                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      180677078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     10090697                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        22291852                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        56417                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3465627                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3082616                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          446                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    130293021                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2889                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3465627                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      180953786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1988237                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      7280646                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        22076652                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       816723                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    130207059                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        36200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       222560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       300176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        61629                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    180746995                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    605721276                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    605721276                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    154238567                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       26508428                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        33582                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18667                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2395889                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12403854                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6672271                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       201454                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1515948                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        130022333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33685                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       123047410                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155318                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16470676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36779196                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3606                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216581675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    164675907     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20848612      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11388726      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7762637      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7262256      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2086535      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1625664      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       552952      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       378386      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216581675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28508     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86626     38.29%     50.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111085     49.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103076556     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1947015      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14912      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11371759      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6637168      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    123047410                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459974                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226219                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463058032                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146528042                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121079163                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    123273629                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       373445                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2224038                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          364                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1378                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       201010                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7662                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           95                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3465627                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1224845                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       109736                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130056154                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54019                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12403854                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6672271                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18661                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80579                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1378                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1071321                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1048621                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2119942                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121304753                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10696096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1742657                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           17331562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17072332                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6635466                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.453460                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            121079961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           121079163                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        70785122                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       184943601                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.452616                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382739                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90598982                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    111051178                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19005447                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30079                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1873369                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213116048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168042141     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21827680     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8496499      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4580016      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3427583      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1911919      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1183178      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1054799      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2592233      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213116048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     90598982                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    111051178                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             16651077                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10179816                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             15006                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15940926                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       100065352                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2255944                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2592233                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          340579829                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         263579106                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2954615                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              50927805                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          90598982                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           111051178                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     90598982                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.952676                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.952676                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.338676                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.338676                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      547015019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     167821468                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     121539814                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        30052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       23204356                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19321987                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2111691                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9150376                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8508638                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2500248                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98485                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202096056                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            127320027                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          23204356                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     11008886                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            26549167                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5860897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     18161392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12547686                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018496                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    250538118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      223988951     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1628069      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2063390      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3276214      1.31%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1364693      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1762555      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2056245      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         937619      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       13460382      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    250538118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086742                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.475946                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      200913066                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     19459769                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        26423188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        12466                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3729622                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3529175                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          518                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    155598462                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2530                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3729622                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      201115899                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        646494                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     18248648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        26233200                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       564249                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    154638149                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        81702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       393815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    216030627                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    719178389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    719178389                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    180948314                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       35082308                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        38149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1986205                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     14458213                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7568463                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84920                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1711458                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        150997081                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38280                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       144948484                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142568                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18199301                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36889072                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2086                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250538118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189109428     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28028744     11.19%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11453066      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6412307      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8697557      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2673044      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2637128      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1416281      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110563      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250538118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        999287     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133244     10.56%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129244     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122116585     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1982475      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17944      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13286272      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7545208      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    144948484                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.541844                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261775                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008705                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541839429                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169235357                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141180207                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    146210259                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107756                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2697353                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          696                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95040                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3729622                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        492389                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62450                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    151035368                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14458213                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7568463                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20205                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54651                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          696                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1255891                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1176748                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2432639                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142426148                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13068870                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2522336                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           20613620                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       20143232                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7544750                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.532415                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            141180494                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           141180207                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        84595035                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       227248389                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.527758                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372258                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105272154                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    129720115                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21315873                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36194                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2129739                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246808496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191903070     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27823272     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10102980      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5035971      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4604851      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1936748      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1910654      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       911698      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2579252      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246808496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    105272154                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    129720115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19234283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11760860                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             18056                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18802908                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       116790105                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2678728                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2579252                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          395264504                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         305801611                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3063081                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              16971368                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         105272154                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           129720115                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    105272154                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.541123                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.541123                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393527                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393527                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      640894778                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     197293306                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     143938296                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        36164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19618286                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16089390                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1920644                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8054423                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7653495                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2010867                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86133                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187178714                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            111554041                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19618286                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9664362                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24528710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5474501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     17571448                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11535535                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1910279                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    232798807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      208270097     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        2659420      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        3077666      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        1687071      0.72%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1941314      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1067371      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         728252      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1901317      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11466299      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    232798807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073337                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.417010                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      185646035                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     19133032                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24323870                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       193861                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3502008                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3183584                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17927                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    136167686                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        88872                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3502008                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      185944417                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6411688                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     11884881                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24227087                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       828717                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    136084742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       213045                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       382632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           68                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    189105012                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    633600927                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    633600927                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    161312841                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       27792019                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        35428                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19690                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2218148                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12995127                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7075817                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186141                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1574630                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        135856993                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35484                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       128323565                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182450                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17095395                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39605868                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3800                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232798807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178736875     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21734889      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11683000      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8094350      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7073241      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3615499      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878042      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562373      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420538      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232798807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33884     12.25%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118770     42.93%     55.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124023     44.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107407158     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2007457      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15710      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11868871      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7024369      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    128323565                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.479697                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276677                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489905064                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152989097                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126182749                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    128600242                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       321860                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2306062                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          765                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1229                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       159572                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7856                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4252                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3502008                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5948875                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143188                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135892600                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        70936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12995127                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7075817                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19660                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100633                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1229                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1112541                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1080552                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2193093                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126426016                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11143462                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1897549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18166258                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17685181                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7022796                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.472604                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            126184665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           126182749                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        74995848                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       196457150                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.471694                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381742                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94728181                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    116219731                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19674042                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31684                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1931627                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229296799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181816097     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22018901      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9231186      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5543254      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3835947      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2478265      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1288400      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1034809      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2049940      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229296799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     94728181                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    116219731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             17605288                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10689052                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             15808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16632849                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       104776928                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2364482                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2049940                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          363139995                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         275289737                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2870191                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              34710679                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          94728181                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           116219731                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     94728181                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.823969                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.823969                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.354111                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.354111                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      570268770                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     175123142                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     127079172                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        31654                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18811958                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15386475                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1837957                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7758403                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7416974                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1932605                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81296                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182516118                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            106767655                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18811958                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9349579                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            22372617                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5354068                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      8250204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11226212                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1849909                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    216614507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      194241890     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1216954      0.56%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1916435      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3049233      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1262904      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1408099      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1507733      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         981209      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11030050      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    216614507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.399117                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      180780469                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      9999301                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        22302944                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        56691                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3475098                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3082602                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    130365382                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2875                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3475098                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      181059836                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2076562                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      7095690                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        22085468                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       821849                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    130279133                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        31904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       223656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       302443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        61106                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    180861181                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    606049691                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    606049691                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    154269270                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       26591911                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        33556                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18638                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2411431                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12412327                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6673186                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       201471                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1518986                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        130091926                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33654                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       123097397                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155161                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16513631                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36880713                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3566                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216614507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    164685433     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20858019      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11393603      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7770977      3.59%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7262720      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2084745      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1627485      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       552474      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       379051      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216614507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28574     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87264     38.46%     51.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111062     48.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103119820     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1947650      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14915      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11376487      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6638525      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    123097397                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.460161                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226900                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463191362                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146640555                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121122437                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    123324297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       372030                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2230493                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          342                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1373                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       200643                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7645                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           32                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3475098                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1278507                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       109994                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130125712                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12412327                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6673186                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18626                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80712                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1373                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1073420                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1050613                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2124033                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121347589                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10698624                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1749808                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           17335539                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17077351                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6636915                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.453620                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            121123258                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           121122437                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        70818157                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       185019980                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.452778                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382760                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90617032                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    111073217                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19052926                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30088                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1877145                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213139409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168053054     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21835798     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8500047      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4577896      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3428141      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1913394      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1184128      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1056273      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2590678      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213139409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     90617032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    111073217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             16654377                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10181834                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             15010                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15944078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       100085210                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2256382                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2590678                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          340674263                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         263727594                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2958257                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              50894979                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          90617032                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           111073217                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     90617032                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.952088                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.952088                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.338743                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.338743                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      547200912                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     167890293                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     121600628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        30062                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       23189767                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19312262                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2113819                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9142126                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8502422                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2498756                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98652                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202010650                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            127246838                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          23189767                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     11001178                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            26535505                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5865868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     18224652                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12544641                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2020316                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    250504024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      223968519     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1627068      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2061420      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3276177      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1367821      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1760215      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        2054197      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         935263      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13453344      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    250504024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086688                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.475672                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      200829251                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     19520458                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        26409452                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        12353                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3732503                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3524574                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          514                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    155507902                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2511                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3732503                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      201031675                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        645570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     18311944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        26219614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       562712                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    154547800                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        81472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       392795                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    215908929                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    718764720                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    718764720                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    180815354                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       35093575                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        38111                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1980349                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14452193                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7560556                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84502                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1712580                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        150897475                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38238                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       144841638                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142252                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18204786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36915076                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2072                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250504024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189114046     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28019757     11.19%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11440653      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6406618      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8693511      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2666804      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2636592      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1415239      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110804      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250504024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        999094     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132802     10.53%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129139     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122030716     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1981319      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17931      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13274550      9.16%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7537122      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    144841638                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.541445                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541590587                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169141191                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141073734                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    146102673                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107041                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2699926                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           27                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          693                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92584                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3732503                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        491421                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62428                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150935720                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14452193                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7560556                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54721                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          693                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1258196                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1176520                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2434716                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142316276                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13056615                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2525362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20593288                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       20126058                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7536673                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.532005                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            141073997                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           141073734                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        84536100                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       227098492                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.527360                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372244                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105194830                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    129624935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21311357                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36166                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2131845                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246771521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191903506     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27805847     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10095654      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5032837      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4601220      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1935144      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1909437      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910961      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2576915      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246771521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    105194830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    129624935                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             19220239                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11752267                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             18042                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18789125                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       116704421                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2676775                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2576915                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          395130170                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         305605107                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3065808                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              17005462                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         105194830                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           129624935                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    105194830                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.542991                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.542991                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393238                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393238                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      640408357                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     197156466                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     143850157                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        36136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              267509486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20650741                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16897035                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024652                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8683095                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8140898                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136391                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92487                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199153179                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            115432062                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20650741                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10277289                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24112664                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5505782                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     10867216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12184708                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025641                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    237587945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      213475281     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1129900      0.48%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1789419      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2419860      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2488956      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2105771      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1177055      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1749584      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11252119      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    237587945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077196                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431506                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      197102423                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     12935353                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24068114                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        27537                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3454513                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3398693                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    141669490                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1946                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3454513                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      197644063                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1822485                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      9860551                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23560250                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1246078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    141614845                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       185087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       534632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    197618160                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    658779783                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    658779783                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171535985                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       26082175                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35617                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18751                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3700251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13272488                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7184128                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84435                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1719440                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        141444074                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35743                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       134429694                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18348                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15484645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36898615                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1735                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237587945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180673196     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23430092      9.86%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11864431      4.99%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8921194      3.75%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7016963      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2835094      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789553      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       932858      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124564      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237587945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25259     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81820     36.62%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116348     52.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113067514     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2000953      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16861      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12183642      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7160724      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    134429694                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.502523                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506689108                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156965006                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132398840                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    134653121                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       271823                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2128841                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          547                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94923                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3454513                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1520229                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122131                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141479959                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46247                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13272488                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7184128                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18755                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102873                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          547                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180035                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132920                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2312955                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132560045                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462447                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1869649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18622903                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18842127                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7160456                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.495534                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            132399041                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           132398840                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        76003089                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       204801709                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.494931                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99994468                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    123042068                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18437902                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2050156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234133432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183643810     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25028496     10.69%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9453929      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4503986      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3807177      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2180502      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1900457      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860804      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2754271      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234133432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     99994468                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    123042068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18232852                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11143647                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17742888                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110859381                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2533687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2754271                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          372858442                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         286414513                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3021067                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              29921541                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          99994468                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           123042068                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     99994468                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.675243                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.675243                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.373798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.373798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      596639122                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     184437070                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     131318374                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              267509466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18853918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15419345                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1846215                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7920213                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7448460                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1940396                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82129                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183166915                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            106940901                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18853918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9388856                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22421907                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5357112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      8346149                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11264827                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1858059                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    217405062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      194983155     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1219599      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1924554      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3060778      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1264710      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1418756      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1505706      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         984260      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11043544      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    217405062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070479                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399765                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      181426964                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     10099646                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22352657                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        56167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3469624                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3090247                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          446                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    130595987                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2901                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3469624                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      181706397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2079879                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      7188013                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22133983                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       827162                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    130509031                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        38805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       222598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       302705                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        66022                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    181184672                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    607086787                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    607086787                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    154756454                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       26428008                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        33784                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2417394                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12447410                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6689527                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       202001                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1522264                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        130325585                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33890                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       123433467                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155843                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16380576                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36355201                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3711                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217405062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    165313670     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20933459      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11444220      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7783667      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7272526      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2088454      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1634648      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       555039      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       379379      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217405062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28615     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86559     38.22%     50.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111313     49.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103403659     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1948476      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14962      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11412379      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6653991      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    123433467                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.461417                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226487                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464654326                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146741389                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121444883                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    123659954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       374893                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2233363                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          342                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196483                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7697                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          124                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3469624                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1267805                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       111373                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130359617                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12447410                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6689527                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18815                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        82098                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1081923                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1051157                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2133080                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121670279                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10734331                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1763188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           17386598                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17129252                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6652267                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.454826                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            121445722                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           121444883                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        71008761                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       185473562                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.453983                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382851                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90903161                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    111424095                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18935938                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1885636                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213935438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168700871     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21905751     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8530664      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4594705      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3439170      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1921995      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1186372      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1059266      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2596644      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213935438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     90903161                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    111424095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16707064                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10214025                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15056                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15994416                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       100401465                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2263541                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2596644                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          341698216                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         264190083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2969663                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              50104404                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          90903161                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           111424095                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     90903161                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.942796                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.942796                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339813                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339813                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      548686955                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     168339941                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     121817557                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        30152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        12026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.439121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         193492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        14074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        13.748188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.917481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     5.047567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1518.417480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         497.056593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.002465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.242703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 28739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  28895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 28895                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               12023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                12023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               12023                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9939789459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10004107376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9939789459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    10004107376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9939789459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   10004107376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             40762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              40918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             40918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 829490.900359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 832080.793146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 829490.900359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 832080.793146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 829490.900359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 832080.793146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           12022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8887449745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8948254229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8887449745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8948254229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8887449745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8948254229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 741733.412202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744323.259774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 741733.412202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744323.259774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 741733.412202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744323.259774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         8665                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.222403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         216203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        10713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        20.181368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.118479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     5.731646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1394.715038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         608.657240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.681013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.297196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 28155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8783                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                8783                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  28366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        28364                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 28366                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                8665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 8665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8627                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                8665                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88379243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7113384943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7201764186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88379243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7113384943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     7201764186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88379243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7113384943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    7201764186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             36820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8783                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            8783                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              37031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             37031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.234557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.233219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.233219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2325769.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 824549.083459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831132.623889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2325769.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 824549.083459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831132.623889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2325769.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 824549.083459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831132.623889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4552                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4552                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            8665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           8665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85042122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6355672458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6440714580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85042122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6355672458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6440714580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85042122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6355672458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6440714580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.234557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.233219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.233219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2237950.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 736718.727020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743302.317369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2237950.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 736718.727020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743302.317369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2237950.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 736718.727020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743302.317369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        34658                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.939873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         203072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        36706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         5.532393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.566573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     1.951011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1819.740389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         222.681900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.888545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.108731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 40600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12941                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               12941                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  40629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40628                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 40629                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               34615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                34658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34615                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               34658                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32618459793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32697045471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     69304758                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     69304758                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32687764551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    32766350229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32687764551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   32766350229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             75215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12941                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           12941                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              75287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             75287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.459911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.597222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.597222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 943493.572631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944591.809071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1611738.558140                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1611738.558140                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944323.690625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945419.534566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944323.690625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945419.534566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5437                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5437                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           34658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          34658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29582690756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29657501034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     65527985                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65527985                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29648218741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29723029019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29648218741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29723029019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.459911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.597222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 855683.522967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856781.771891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1523906.627907                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1523906.627907                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 856513.613780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857609.470223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 856513.613780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857609.470223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        12038                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.445182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         193530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        14086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        13.739174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.922478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     5.208659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1519.855182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         495.458862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.742117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.241923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 28768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9240                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                9240                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  28923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28921                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 28923                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               12036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                12036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11992                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               12036                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127190953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9902832050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10030023003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127190953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9902832050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    10030023003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127190953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9902832050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   10030023003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             40804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9240                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            9240                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              40959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             40959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2890703.477273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825786.528519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 833335.244516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2890703.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825786.528519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 833335.244516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2890703.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 825786.528519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 833335.244516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5261                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5261                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           12035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          12035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    123326916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8849632965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8972959881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    123326916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8849632965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8972959881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    123326916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8849632965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8972959881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2802884.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 738022.930948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745572.071541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2802884.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 738022.930948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745572.071541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2802884.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 738022.930948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745572.071541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        18168                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.839711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         158889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        20216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         7.859567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.572008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.593425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1659.301005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         356.373273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.810206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.174010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 34334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6277                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                6277                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  34402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34401                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 34402                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               18167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                18167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18133                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               18167                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     49400196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14254912247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14304312443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     49400196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14254912247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    14304312443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     49400196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14254912247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   14304312443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        52466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             52501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6277                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            6277                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        52534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              52569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        52534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             52569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1452946.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 786130.935146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 787378.898167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1452946.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 786130.935146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 787378.898167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1452946.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 786130.935146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 787378.898167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               2415                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    2415                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           18167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          18167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     46413357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12662689375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12709102732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     46413357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12662689375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12709102732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     46413357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12662689375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12709102732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1365098.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 698322.912645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699570.800462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1365098.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 698322.912645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699570.800462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1365098.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 698322.912645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699570.800462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        18670                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.533952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         229332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        20718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        11.069215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.970631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.985445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1654.247553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         358.330323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.807738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.174966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 34625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18897                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               18897                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  34773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34772                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 34773                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               18653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                18658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18619                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               18658                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80314049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15799103897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15879417946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4451464                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4451464                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80314049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15803555361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    15883869410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80314049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15803555361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   15883869410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             53278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           18897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              53431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             53431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.032680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.032680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2059334.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 848775.324863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851306.382137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 890292.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 890292.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2059334.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 848786.474086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851316.829778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2059334.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 848786.474086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851316.829778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks              10096                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                   10096                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           18658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          18658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76889849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14164527249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14241417098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4012464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4012464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76889849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14168539713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14245429562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76889849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14168539713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14245429562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.032680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1971534.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 760960.956753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763492.044068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 802492.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802492.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1971534.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 760972.109834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763502.495552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1971534.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 760972.109834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763502.495552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        34584                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.939061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         202839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        36632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.537208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.557356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.767567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1820.841848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         221.772290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.889083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.108287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 40455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               12855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  40482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40481                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 40482                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               34539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                34584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34545                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               34584                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75191348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  33004540239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   33079731587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     70125705                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     70125705                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75191348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  33074665944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    33149857292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75191348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  33074665944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   33149857292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        74954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             74994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           12855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        75026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              75066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        75026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             75066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1927983.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 956653.340261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957750.125568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1558349                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1558349                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1927983.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 957437.138341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 958531.612653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1927983.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 957437.138341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 958531.612653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5425                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5425                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           34584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          34584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71766622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29974632267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30046398889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     66174694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66174694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71766622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  30040806961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30112573583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71766622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  30040806961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30112573583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.460440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1840169.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 868829.920783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869926.717305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1470548.755556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1470548.755556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1840169.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 869613.749052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870708.234530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1840169.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 869613.749052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870708.234530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         8676                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.232078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         216274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        10724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        20.167288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.126885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     5.717913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1395.575141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         607.812139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.681433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.296783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 28205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8804                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                8804                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  28415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28413                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 28415                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                8676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 8676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                8676                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91938143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7012670881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7104609024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91938143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7012670881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     7104609024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91938143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7012670881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    7104609024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             36881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8804                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            8804                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        37051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              37091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        37051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             37091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.234467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2419424.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 811839.648182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818880.708160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2419424.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 811839.648182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818880.708160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2419424.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 811839.648182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818880.708160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            8676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           8676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88601743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6254190757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6342792500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88601743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6254190757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6342792500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88601743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6254190757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6342792500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.234467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2331624.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 724032.271012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731073.363301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2331624.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 724032.271012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731073.363301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2331624.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 724032.271012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731073.363301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        29240                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.602617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         164060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        31288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.243544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.238450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.724124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1651.054471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         380.585571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.806179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.185833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 36880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                7651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  36974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36973                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 36974                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               29199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                29230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29190                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               29230                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66403245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26830916950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26897320195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     26353414                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26353414                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66403245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26857270364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    26923673609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66403245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26857270364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   26923673609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        66038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             66079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            7651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        66163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              66204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        66163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             66204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.441549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.441183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.441183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1660081.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 920159.022943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921172.649577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850110.129032                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 850110.129032                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1660081.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 920084.630490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 921097.283921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1660081.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 920084.630490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 921097.283921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4365                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4365                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           29230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          29230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62891245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24270289290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24333180535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23631050                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23631050                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62891245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24293920340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24356811585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62891245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24293920340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24356811585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.441549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.441183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.441183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1572281.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 832342.991529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833356.640125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 762291.935484                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762291.935484                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1572281.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 832268.596780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833281.272152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1572281.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 832268.596780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833281.272152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        29169                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.606080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         163943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        31217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.251722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.108304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.608418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1651.326395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         380.562963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.806312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.185822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 36789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7625                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                7625                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  36883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36882                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 36883                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               29128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                29159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29120                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               29159                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     75965777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  27306644768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27382610545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     35904967                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     35904967                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     75965777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  27342549735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    27418515512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     75965777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  27342549735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   27418515512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        65877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             65917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7625                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            7625                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        66002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              66042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        66002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             66042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1947840.435897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 938727.517893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 940078.637222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1158224.741935                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1158224.741935                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1947840.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 938961.185955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 940310.556329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1947840.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 938961.185955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 940310.556329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4354                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4354                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           29159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          29159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72529584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24750960646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24823490230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     33182660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33182660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72529584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24784143306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24856672890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72529584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24784143306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24856672890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.441199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1859732.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 850870.110557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852220.895015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1070408.387097                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1070408.387097                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1859732.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 851103.822321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852452.858123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1859732.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 851103.822321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852452.858123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         8683                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.228854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         216255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        10731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        20.152362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.121060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.718126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1395.629501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         607.760167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.681460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.296758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 28186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8804                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                8804                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  28397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28395                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 28397                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                8683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 8683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8645                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                8683                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     89710828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6949316746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7039027574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     89710828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6949316746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     7039027574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     89710828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6949316746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    7039027574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             36869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8804                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            8804                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        37040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              37080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        37040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             37080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.234733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.233396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.233396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2360811.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 803853.874610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810667.692503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2360811.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 803853.874610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810667.692503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2360811.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 803853.874610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810667.692503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               4559                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    4559                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            8683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           8683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86374428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6190186180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6276560608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86374428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6190186180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6276560608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86374428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6190186180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6276560608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.234733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.233396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.233396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2273011.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 716042.357432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722856.225728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2273011.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 716042.357432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722856.225728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2273011.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 716042.357432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722856.225728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        18717                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.537516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         229357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        20765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        11.045365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.085776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.864270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1651.579567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         361.007903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.806435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.176273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 34643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18905                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               18905                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  34791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34790                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 34791                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               18699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                18705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18668                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               18705                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65038081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15983037631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16048075712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3640410                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3640410                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65038081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15986678041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    16051716122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65038081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15986678041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   16051716122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             53342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           18905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              53496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             53496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.038961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.038961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1757785.972973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 856448.270871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 858231.761698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       606735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       606735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1757785.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 856368.011624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 858151.089121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1757785.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 856368.011624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 858151.089121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks              10085                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                   10085                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           18705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          18705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61789052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14343906926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14405695978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3113360                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3113360                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61789052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14347020286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14408809338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61789052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14347020286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14408809338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.038961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1669974.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 768615.739256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770399.271512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 518893.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518893.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1669974.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 768535.477073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770318.595990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1669974.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 768535.477073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770318.595990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        29167                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.601187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         163954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        31215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.252411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.898756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.695907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1652.371932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         379.634593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.806822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.185368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 36800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7625                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                7625                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  36894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36893                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 36894                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               29126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                29157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29116                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               29157                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74602753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  27213530148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27288132901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     30447498                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30447498                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74602753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  27243977646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    27318580399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74602753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  27243977646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   27318580399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        65884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             65926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7625                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            7625                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        66009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              66051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        66009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             66051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1819579.341463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935655.153791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936899.433530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 982177.354839                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 982177.354839                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1819579.341463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935704.686289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 936947.573447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1819579.341463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935704.686289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 936947.573447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4354                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4354                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           29157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          29157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71002635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24659112301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24730114936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     27725698                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27725698                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71002635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24686837999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24757840634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71002635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24686837999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24757840634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1731771.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847829.200653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849073.506008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 894377.354839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894377.354839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1731771.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847878.760784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849121.673492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1731771.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847878.760784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849121.673492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         8676                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.220289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         216280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        10724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        20.167848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.116317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.869719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1395.042401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         608.191853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.681173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.296969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 28203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                8812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  28416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28414                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 28416                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                8676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 8676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8637                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                8676                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95475060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6987188954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7082664014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95475060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6987188954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     7082664014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95475060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6987188954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    7082664014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             36879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            8812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        37051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              37092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        37051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             37092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.234459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2448078.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 808983.322218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816351.315583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2448078.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 808983.322218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816351.315583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2448078.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 808983.322218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816351.315583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            8676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           8676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92049900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6228680154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6320730054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92049900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6228680154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6320730054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92049900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6228680154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6320730054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.234459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2360253.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 721162.458493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728530.434993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2360253.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 721162.458493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728530.434993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2360253.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 721162.458493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728530.434993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        12026                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.451068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         193488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        14074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        13.747904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.925580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     5.015270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1518.527368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         496.982850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.741468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.242667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 28737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                9229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  28891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28889                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 28891                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               12023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                12023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11983                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               12023                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66524287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9927527318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9994051605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66524287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9927527318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     9994051605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66524287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9927527318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    9994051605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             40760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            9229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              40914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             40914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1663107.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 828467.605608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 831244.415287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1663107.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 828467.605608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 831244.415287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1663107.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 828467.605608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 831244.415287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           12022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63012275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8874203120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8937215395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63012275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8874203120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8937215395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63012275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8874203120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8937215395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1575306.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 740627.868469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743405.040343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1575306.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 740627.868469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743405.040343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1575306.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 740627.868469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743405.040343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        29232                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.602992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         164088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        31280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.245780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.118910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.742955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1652.226699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         379.514428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.806751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.185310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 36914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7645                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                7645                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        37007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  37008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        37007                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 37008                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               29193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                29224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29185                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               29224                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77628878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26772254244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26849883122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28536062                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28536062                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77628878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26800790306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    26878419184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77628878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26800790306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   26878419184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             66107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            7645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              66232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             66232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1990484.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 918304.666392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919737.030178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 920518.129032                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 920518.129032                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1990484.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 918307.017509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919737.858746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1990484.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 918307.017509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919737.858746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4371                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4371                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           29224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          29224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74203803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24212430076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24286633879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25814262                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25814262                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74203803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24238244338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24312448141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74203803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24238244338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24312448141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.440914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1902661.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 830501.134527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831933.473059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 832718.129032                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832718.129032                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1902661.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 830503.489395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831934.305400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1902661.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 830503.489395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831934.305400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              515.844717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012189540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957813.423598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.844717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.065456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12181444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12181444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12181444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12181498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12181498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12181498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166566795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.567125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.161301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.838699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8380773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15436811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15436811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44458064831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44458064831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77658986                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77658986                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44535723817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44535723817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44535723817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44535723817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8511614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15568576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15568576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 339786.953868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339786.953868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84046.521645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84046.521645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 337993.578090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337993.578090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 337993.578090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337993.578090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11912856487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11912856487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10053469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10053469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11922909956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11922909956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11922909956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11922909956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 292555.414710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292555.414710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64445.314103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64445.314103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 291684.850670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291684.850670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 291684.850670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291684.850670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              493.120796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1015628841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2051775.436364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.120796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12529401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12529401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12529401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12529401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12529401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12529401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    130467841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    130467841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    130467841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    130467841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    130467841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    130467841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12529457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12529457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12529457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12529457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12529457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12529457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2329782.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2329782.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2329782.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2329782.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2329782.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2329782.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       577028                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       577028                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88829240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88829240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88829240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88829240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88829240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88829240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2220731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2220731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2220731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2220731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2220731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2220731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                36991                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              164691949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                37247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4421.616479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.470676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.529324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.911995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.088005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9991927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9991927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7425983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7425983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19898                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19898                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18060                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18060                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17417910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17417910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17417910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17417910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        95132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        97280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        97280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        97280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        97280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21572742424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21572742424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    137964918                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137964918                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21710707342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21710707342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21710707342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21710707342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     10087059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10087059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7428131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7428131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19898                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19898                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18060                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18060                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17515190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17515190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17515190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17515190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 226766.413236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226766.413236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64229.477654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64229.477654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 223177.501460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223177.501460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 223177.501460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223177.501460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            4                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8783                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8783                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        58352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        60289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        60289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9015707567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9015707567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     15374087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15374087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9031081654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9031081654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9031081654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9031081654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 245125.273709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245125.273709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 72862.971564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72862.971564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 244142.674002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244142.674002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 244142.674002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244142.674002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              581.972895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1041960645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1775060.724020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    41.786601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.186294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.066966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.865683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11003880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11003880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11003880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11003880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11003880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11003880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11003941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11003941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11003941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11003941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11003941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11003941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       583675                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                75243                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              446709565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                75499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5916.761348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.896325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.103675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     28788725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28788725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15766953                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15766953                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     44555678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       44555678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     44555678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      44555678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       275836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       276124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       276124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       276124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       276124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135304866547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135304866547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    272195059                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272195059                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135577061606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135577061606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135577061606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135577061606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     29064561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29064561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15767241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15767241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     44831802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44831802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     44831802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44831802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 490526.495987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490526.495987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 945121.732639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945121.732639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 491000.643211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491000.643211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 491000.643211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491000.643211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       638492                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       638492                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           12941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       200665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       200881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       200881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35678255106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35678255106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     71582822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71582822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35749837928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35749837928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35749837928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35749837928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 474627.916431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474627.916431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 994205.861111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 994205.861111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 475125.100381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475125.100381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 475125.100381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475125.100381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              519.951696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1012194074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1942790.928983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    44.951696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.072038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12185978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12185978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12185978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12185978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12185978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12185978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    144913666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144913666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    144913666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144913666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    144913666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144913666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12186035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12186035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12186035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12186035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12186035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12186035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2542345.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2542345.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2542345.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2542345.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2542345.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2542345.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       833312                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       416656                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127693398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127693398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127693398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127693398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127693398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127693398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2775943.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2775943.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2775943.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2775943.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2775943.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2775943.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                40912                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166583078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4046.421444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.163190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.836810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.910794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.089206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8390419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8390419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7063014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7063014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18247                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18247                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17005                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17005                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15453433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15453433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15453433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15453433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       131028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       131028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       131946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       131946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       131946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       131946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  44544093172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44544093172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     77185820                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77185820                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  44621278992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44621278992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  44621278992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44621278992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8521447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8521447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7063932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7063932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18247                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18247                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17005                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15585379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15585379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15585379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15585379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339958.582685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339958.582685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84080.413943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84080.413943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338178.338047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338178.338047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338178.338047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338178.338047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9240                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9240                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        90270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        91033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        91033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        91033                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        91033                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11877722666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11877722666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10011473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10011473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11887734139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11887734139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  11887734139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11887734139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291420.645419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291420.645419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64590.148387                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64590.148387                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290561.291985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290561.291985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290561.291985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290561.291985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              558.746121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              931903981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1658192.137011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    33.622154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.123966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.053882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11758949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11758949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11758949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11758949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11758949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11758949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61777123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61777123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61777123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61777123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61777123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61777123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11758998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11758998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11758998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11758998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11758998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11758998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1260757.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260757.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1260757.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1260757.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1260757.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1260757.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     49795574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49795574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     49795574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49795574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     49795574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49795574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1422730.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1422730.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1422730.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1422730.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1422730.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1422730.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                52534                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              223959451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                52790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4242.459765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   202.190208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    53.809792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.789806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.210194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17242324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17242324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3343546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3343546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20585870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       20585870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20585870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      20585870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       185369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       185661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       185661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       185661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       185661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  82057014697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82057014697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25124496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25124496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  82082139193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82082139193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  82082139193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82082139193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17427693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17427693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3343838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3343838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20771531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20771531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20771531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20771531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 442668.486624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442668.486624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86042.794521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86042.794521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 442107.600374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442107.600374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 442107.600374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442107.600374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            6277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       132903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       133127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       133127                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133127                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        52466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        52534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        52534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16656825648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16656825648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4397375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4397375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16661223023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16661223023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16661223023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16661223023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 317478.474593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317478.474593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64667.279412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64667.279412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 317151.235828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317151.235828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 317151.235828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317151.235828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              519.765823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1012874124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1940371.885057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.647016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   481.118807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.061934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.771024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11549973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11549973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11549973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11549973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11549973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11549973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    130416551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    130416551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    130416551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    130416551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    130416551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    130416551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11550029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11550029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11550029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11550029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11550029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11550029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2328866.982143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2328866.982143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2328866.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2328866.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2328866.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2328866.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80711792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80711792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80711792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80711792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80711792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80711792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2017794.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2017794.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2017794.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2017794.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2017794.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2017794.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                53391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              172050443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                53647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3207.084143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.926449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.073551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8142724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8142724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6886729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6886729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15029453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15029453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15029453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15029453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       187965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       187965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       187965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       187965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  77064893141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77064893141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3538865549                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3538865549                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  80603758690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80603758690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  80603758690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80603758690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8325205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8325205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6892213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6892213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15217418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15217418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15217418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15217418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000796                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000796                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 422317.354360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422317.354360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 645307.357586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 645307.357586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 428823.231399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428823.231399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 428823.231399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428823.231399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     50144648                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets           104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 482160.076923                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           18897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       129243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       129243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       134574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       134574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134574                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18230422525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18230422525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14106144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14106144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18244528669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18244528669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18244528669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18244528669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 342432.520474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342432.520474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92197.019608                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92197.019608                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341715.432732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341715.432732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 341715.432732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341715.432732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              579.488839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1041927158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1787182.089194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.475751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.013087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.061660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10970393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10970393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10970393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10970393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10970393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10970393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100476504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100476504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100476504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100476504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100476504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100476504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10970453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10970453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10970453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10970453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10970453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10970453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1674608.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1674608.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1674608.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1674608.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1674608.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1674608.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       546199                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       546199                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75590405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75590405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75590405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75590405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75590405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75590405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1889760.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1889760.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1889760.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1889760.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1889760.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1889760.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                75026                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              446582217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                75282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5932.124771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.896453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.103547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     28706985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28706985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15721391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15721391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7693                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7693                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7672                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7672                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     44428376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       44428376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     44428376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      44428376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       275467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          272                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          272                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       275739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       275739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       275739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       275739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 136781424161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 136781424161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    255374975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    255374975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 137036799136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 137036799136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 137036799136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 137036799136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     28982452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28982452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15721663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15721663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7693                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7693                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7672                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7672                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     44704115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44704115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     44704115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44704115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 496543.775338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 496543.775338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 938878.584559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 938878.584559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 496980.112121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 496980.112121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 496980.112121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 496980.112121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           12855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       200513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       200713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       200713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        74954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        75026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        75026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  36053804952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36053804952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     72302158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72302158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  36126107110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36126107110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  36126107110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36126107110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 481012.420311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481012.420311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1004196.638889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1004196.638889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 481514.503106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481514.503106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 481514.503106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481514.503106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              493.389006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1015642721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2051803.476768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.389006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12543281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12543281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12543281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12543281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12543281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12543281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    141947612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    141947612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    141947612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    141947612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    141947612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    141947612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12543339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12543339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12543339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12543339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12543339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12543339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2447372.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2447372.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2447372.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2447372.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2447372.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2447372.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576998                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92400916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92400916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92400916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92400916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92400916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92400916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2310022.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2310022.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2310022.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2310022.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2310022.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2310022.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                37051                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              164700132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                37307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4414.724636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.470003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.529997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9996310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9996310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7429744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7429744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17426054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17426054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17426054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17426054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        95349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        97453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        97453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        97453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        97453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21356006453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21356006453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    135985575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    135985575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21491992028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21491992028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21491992028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21491992028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     10091659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10091659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7431848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7431848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17523507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17523507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17523507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17523507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 223977.246253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223977.246253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64631.927281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64631.927281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 220536.997609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220536.997609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 220536.997609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220536.997609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        12539                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  6269.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        58508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        60402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        60402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8918391492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8918391492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15329444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15329444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8933720936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8933720936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8933720936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8933720936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 242077.888548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242077.888548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72997.352381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72997.352381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241119.563197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241119.563197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241119.563197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241119.563197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              529.416341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1017029445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1915309.689266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    39.416341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.063167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11254120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11254120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11254120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11254120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11254120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11254120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104650808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104650808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104650808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104650808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104650808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104650808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11254184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11254184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11254184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11254184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11254184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11254184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1635168.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1635168.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1635168.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1635168.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1635168.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1635168.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66808727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66808727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66808727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66808727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66808727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66808727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1629481.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1629481.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1629481.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1629481.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1629481.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1629481.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                66163                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              180152671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                66419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2712.366507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.085796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.914204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7799258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7799258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6457593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6457593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15068                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15068                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14256851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14256851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14256851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14256851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       172201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       173074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       173074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       173074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       173074                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  74709651351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74709651351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    308871500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    308871500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  75018522851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75018522851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  75018522851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75018522851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7971459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7971459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6458466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6458466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18520                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18520                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15068                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15068                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14429925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14429925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14429925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14429925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 433851.437280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 433851.437280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 353804.696449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 353804.696449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 433447.674700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433447.674700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 433447.674700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433447.674700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156088                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156088                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            7651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       106163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       106911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       106911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        66038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        66163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        66163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29494788503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29494788503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32685686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32685686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29527474189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29527474189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29527474189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29527474189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 446633.582225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446633.582225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 261485.488000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261485.488000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 446283.786845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446283.786845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 446283.786845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446283.786845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              528.346317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1016992105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1918853.028302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.346317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.061452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11216780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11216780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11216780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11216780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11216780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11216780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107535302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107535302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107535302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107535302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107535302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107535302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11216842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11216842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11216842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11216842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11216842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11216842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1734440.354839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1734440.354839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1734440.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1734440.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1734440.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1734440.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76364708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76364708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76364708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76364708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76364708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76364708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1909117.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1909117.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1909117.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1909117.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1909117.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1909117.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                66002                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              180109328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                66258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2718.303118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.087821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.912179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7773588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7773588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6439992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6439992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14213580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       14213580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14213580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      14213580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       171565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       172473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       172473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       172473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       172473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  75684647605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75684647605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    461190554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    461190554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  76145838159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76145838159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  76145838159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76145838159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7945153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7945153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6440900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6440900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     14386053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14386053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     14386053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14386053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 441142.701629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441142.701629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 507919.112335                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 507919.112335                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 441494.252196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441494.252196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 441494.252196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441494.252196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       541091                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       541091                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       105688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       105688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       106471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       106471                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106471                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        65877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        66002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        66002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29964050470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29964050470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     42226898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42226898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30006277368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30006277368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30006277368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30006277368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454848.436784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454848.436784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 337815.184000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337815.184000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454626.789612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454626.789612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454626.789612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454626.789612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              493.389746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1015647067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2051812.256566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    38.389746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.061522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12547627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12547627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12547627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12547627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12547627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12547627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    135987197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    135987197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    135987197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    135987197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    135987197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    135987197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12547685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12547685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12547685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12547685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12547685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12547685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2344606.844828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2344606.844828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2344606.844828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2344606.844828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2344606.844828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2344606.844828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     90158480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90158480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     90158480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90158480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     90158480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90158480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2253962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2253962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2253962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2253962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2253962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2253962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                37040                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              164714694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                37296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4416.417149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.470129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.529871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     10005837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10005837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7434771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7434771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18082                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18082                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17440608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       17440608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17440608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      17440608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        95436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        97558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        97558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        97558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        97558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21232913745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21232913745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    136904569                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    136904569                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21369818314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21369818314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21369818314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21369818314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     10101273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10101273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7436893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7436893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18082                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18082                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17538166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17538166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17538166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17538166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 222483.274079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222483.274079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64516.762017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64516.762017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 219047.318662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219047.318662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 219047.318662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219047.318662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        13497                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         4499                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        58607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1911                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1911                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        60518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        60518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8853679456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8853679456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     15415050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15415050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8869094506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8869094506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8869094506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8869094506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 240399.670260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240399.670260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 73057.109005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73057.109005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 239446.395950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239446.395950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 239446.395950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239446.395950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.909511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1012859634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1947806.988462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.909511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.057547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11535483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11535483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11535483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11535483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11535483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11535483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96123468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96123468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96123468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96123468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96123468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96123468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11535535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11535535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11535535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11535535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11535535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11535535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1848528.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1848528.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1848528.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1848528.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1848528.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1848528.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65413496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65413496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65413496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65413496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65413496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65413496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1721407.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721407.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1721407.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721407.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1721407.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721407.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                53457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              172030912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                53713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3202.779811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.928091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.071909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.913782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.086218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8133218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8133218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6877036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6877036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15827                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15827                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15010254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15010254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15010254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15010254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       182272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5278                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5278                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       187550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       187550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       187550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       187550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  77141861391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77141861391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3303340199                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3303340199                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  80445201590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80445201590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  80445201590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80445201590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8315490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8315490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6882314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6882314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15197804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15197804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15197804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15197804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 423223.870869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423223.870869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 625869.685297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 625869.685297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 428926.694695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428926.694695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 428926.694695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428926.694695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     49309619                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            91                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 541863.945055                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           18905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       128968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       134092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       134092                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134092                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18416065256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18416065256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13277321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13277321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18429342577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18429342577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18429342577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18429342577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 345491.243734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345491.243734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86216.370130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86216.370130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 344744.333439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344744.333439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 344744.333439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344744.333439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              529.578948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1017001474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1911656.906015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    40.509735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   489.069214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.064919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.783765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11226149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11226149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11226149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11226149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11226149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11226149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112546352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112546352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112546352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    112546352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112546352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    112546352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11226212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11226212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11226212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11226212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11226212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11226212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1786450.031746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1786450.031746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1786450.031746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1786450.031746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1786450.031746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1786450.031746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75024077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75024077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75024077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75024077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75024077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75024077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1786287.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1786287.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1786287.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1786287.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1786287.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1786287.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                66009                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              180113963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                66265                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2718.085913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.103289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.896711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7776948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7776948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6441284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6441284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18468                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18468                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15031                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15031                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14218232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       14218232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14218232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      14218232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       171764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          890                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          890                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       172654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       172654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       172654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       172654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  75342955067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75342955067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    386822561                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    386822561                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  75729777628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75729777628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  75729777628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75729777628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7948712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7948712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6442174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6442174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18468                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18468                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        15031                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15031                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14390886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14390886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14390886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14390886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 438642.294468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438642.294468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 434632.091011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434632.091011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 438621.622598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438621.622598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 438621.622598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438621.622598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       170029                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       170029                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       105880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       105880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       106645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       106645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        65884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        66009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        66009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29871573719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29871573719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36770018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36770018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29908343737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29908343737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  29908343737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29908343737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453396.480466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453396.480466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 294160.144000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294160.144000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453094.937615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453094.937615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453094.937615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453094.937615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              494.129241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1015644019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2047669.393145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.129241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.062707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12544579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12544579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12544579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12544579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12544579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12544579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    142256801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142256801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    142256801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142256801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    142256801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142256801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12544640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12544640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12544640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12544640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12544640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12544640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2332078.704918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2332078.704918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2332078.704918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2332078.704918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2332078.704918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2332078.704918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       637950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       212650                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95953074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95953074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95953074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95953074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95953074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95953074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2340318.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2340318.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2340318.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2340318.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2340318.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2340318.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                37051                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              164699902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                37307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4414.718471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.468232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.531768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9996558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9996558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7429302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7429302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19893                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19893                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17425860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17425860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17425860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17425860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        95287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        97454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        97454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        97454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        97454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21263485850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21263485850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    139531189                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139531189                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21403017039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21403017039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21403017039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21403017039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     10091845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10091845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7431469                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7431469                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19893                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19893                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17523314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17523314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17523314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17523314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 223152.012866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223152.012866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64389.104292                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64389.104292                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 219621.739888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219621.739888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 219621.739888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219621.739888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3285                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   821.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        58449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        60403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        60403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        37051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        37051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8892722391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8892722391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15514499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15514499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8908236890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8908236890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8908236890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8908236890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 241400.792415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241400.792415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 72838.023474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72838.023474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 240431.753259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240431.753259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 240431.753259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240431.753259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              515.902350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012192750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1957819.632495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    40.902350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.065549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12184654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12184654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12184654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12184654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12184654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12184654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85257843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85257843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85257843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85257843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85257843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85257843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12184708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12184708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12184708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12184708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12184708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12184708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1578848.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1578848.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1578848.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1578848.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1578848.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1578848.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67031474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67031474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67031474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67031474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67031474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67031474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1595987.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1595987.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1595987.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1595987.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1595987.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1595987.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                40872                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166568224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                41128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4049.995721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.166698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.833302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.910807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.089193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8382559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8382559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7055656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7055656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18627                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18627                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15438215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15438215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15438215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15438215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       130733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       131641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       131641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       131641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       131641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  44400536384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44400536384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     76218491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76218491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  44476754875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44476754875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  44476754875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44476754875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8513292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8513292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7056564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15569856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15569856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15569856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15569856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 339627.610351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339627.610351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 83941.069383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83941.069383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337864.000387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337864.000387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337864.000387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337864.000387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            9229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        90015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        90769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        90769                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90769                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11900484249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11900484249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9920552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9920552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11910404801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11910404801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11910404801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11910404801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 292265.932732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292265.932732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64419.168831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64419.168831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 291407.437879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291407.437879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 291407.437879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291407.437879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              528.562701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1017040089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1918943.564151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.562701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.061799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11264764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11264764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11264764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11264764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11264764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11264764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    119245151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119245151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    119245151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119245151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    119245151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119245151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11264827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11264827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11264827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11264827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11264827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11264827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1892780.174603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1892780.174603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1892780.174603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1892780.174603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1892780.174603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1892780.174603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78021449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78021449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78021449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78021449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78021449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78021449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1950536.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1950536.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1950536.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1950536.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1950536.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1950536.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                66190                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              180158707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                66446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2711.355191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.088609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.911391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7801059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7801059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6461688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6461688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14262747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14262747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14262747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14262747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       172790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          890                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          890                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       173680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       173680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       173680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       173680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  74903320989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74903320989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    355428471                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    355428471                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75258749460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75258749460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75258749460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75258749460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7973849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7973849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6462578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6462578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18652                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18652                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14436427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14436427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14436427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14436427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 433493.379183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 433493.379183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 399357.832584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 399357.832584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 433318.456126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433318.456126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 433318.456126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433318.456126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       698261                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 349130.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       106723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       107488                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107488                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        66192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29438332922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29438332922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34859832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34859832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29473192754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29473192754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29473192754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29473192754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445583.013032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445583.013032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 278878.656000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 278878.656000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445268.200900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445268.200900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445268.200900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445268.200900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
