
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012017                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12016505937                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               577314937764                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 404546                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   516935                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 283565                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67616480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42376.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17143247962                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21905922061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       250240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       262912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       246656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       254848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       187008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       468480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       259584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       189568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       464256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       159872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       161024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       187904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       398464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       190208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       261888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       249216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4265856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1302016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1302016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 33327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10172                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10172                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       319560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20824689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       383473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21879239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       340864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20526433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       340864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21208162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       415429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     15562594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       394125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     38986374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       383473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21602286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       436733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     15775634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       383473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     38634858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       394125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13304367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       383473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13400235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       426081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     15637158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       383473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33159722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       415429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     15828894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       383473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21794022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       351516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20739473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               354999700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       319560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       383473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       340864                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       340864                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       415429                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       394125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       383473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       436733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       383473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       394125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       383473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       426081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       383473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       415429                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       383473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       351516                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6135561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         108352295                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              108352295                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         108352295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       319560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20824689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       383473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21879239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       340864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20526433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       340864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21208162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       415429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     15562594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       394125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     38986374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       383473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21602286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       436733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     15775634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       383473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     38634858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       394125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13304367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       383473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13400235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       426081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     15637158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       383473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33159722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       415429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     15828894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       383473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21794022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       351516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20739473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              463351995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2184518                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1954553                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175431                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1461061                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435852                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128245                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5205                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23141856                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12414383                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2184518                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1564097                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2769056                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        577332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       338474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1401116                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171873                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     26650346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       23881290     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         425661      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         211229      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420785      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         131623      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390111      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60506      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96306      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032835      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     26650346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075808                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430807                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22862477                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       623529                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2763375                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2239                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       398722                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       203019                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13862388                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5114                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       398722                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22894432                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        369431                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       158616                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2734040                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        95101                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13841196                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        76304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18114857                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62689752                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62689752                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3468409                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1828                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          928                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          206434                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2519783                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398226                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3275                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90674                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13768388                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12877409                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8532                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2516150                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5171676                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26650346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21000727     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1766480      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905912      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104713      4.15%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560354      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139811      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165234      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3829      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3286      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26650346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21248     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8706     23.43%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7197     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10084966     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99425      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297282     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394835      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12877409                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.446875                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37151                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002885                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52450846                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16286415                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12547478                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12914560                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9756                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516825                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9919                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       398722                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        245735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11590                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13770238                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1796                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2519783                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398226                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          927                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4476                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          252                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117984                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67894                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185878                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12714299                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264996                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2659786                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934296                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           394790                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.441215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12550272                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12547478                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7600198                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16459660                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.435426                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461747                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2534321                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       174161                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26251624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22077029     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633310      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056193      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330790      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555716      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105572      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67619      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61217      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364178      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26251624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364178                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           39658175                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27940589                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                516331                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2166216                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.881656                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.881656                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.347023                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.347023                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59131591                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16327156                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14754869                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2339326                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1917938                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231840                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       956473                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         912320                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         240258                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10275                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22408732                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13313936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2339326                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1152578                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2929471                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        656007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       748388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1382484                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230402                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     26507140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23577669     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         317861      1.20%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         368299      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         201899      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         230736      0.87%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         126905      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          87321      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         226605      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1369845      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     26507140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081180                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.462024                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22225078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       935689                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2905266                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        22911                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       418192                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       379816                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2357                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16258255                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        12003                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       418192                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22260746                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        241705                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       596165                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2893896                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        96432                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16248465                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        22479                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        46370                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     22593358                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     75665953                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     75665953                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     19295126                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3298232                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         4209                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2328                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          263485                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1551273                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       844633                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22255                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       187256                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16222147                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4219                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15337568                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20330                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2018705                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4662338                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          428                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26507140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20046202     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2597036      9.80%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1397306      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       967743      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       844003      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       431299      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105228      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67768      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50555      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26507140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3690     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14639     44.06%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14898     44.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12840203     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239938      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1879      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1416934      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       838614      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15337568                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.532248                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33227                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57235833                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18245245                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15080695                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15370795                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38820                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273176                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          176                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18009                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          939                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       418192                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        189785                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14236                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16226394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1551273                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       844633                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2326                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10179                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          176                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134079                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130206                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       264285                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15108682                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1330745                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       228886                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2169065                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2114364                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           838320                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.524306                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15080912                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15080695                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8967133                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        23488013                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.523334                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381775                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11329671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13900306                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2326139                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3791                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       232990                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26088948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20411860     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2632417     10.09%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1103859      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       661451      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459174      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296539      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154476      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123805      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245367      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26088948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11329671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13900306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2104721                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1278097                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1892                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1989680                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12531352                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       282784                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       245367                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           42069948                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          32871103                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                345339                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2309422                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11329671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13900306                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11329671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.543460                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.543460                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.393165                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.393165                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       68151935                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      20939342                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15168035                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3786                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2185090                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1954798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175493                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460283                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435482                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128485                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5294                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23149374                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12420870                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2185090                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1563967                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2770123                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        577436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       338181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1401545                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171930                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     26658679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23888556     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         426226      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         211190      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         420464      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         131539      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         390030      1.46%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          60442      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          96708      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1033524      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     26658679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075828                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.431032                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       22859358                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       633867                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2764469                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2229                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       398752                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       203188                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13869188                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         5145                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       398752                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       22892270                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        376285                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       159135                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2734587                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        97646                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13848672                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        10492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        78921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18125022                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     62724573                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     62724573                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     14657364                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3467648                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1837                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          936                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          209379                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2520001                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       399083                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3267                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        90808                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13776304                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1841                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12886017                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8506                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2515425                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5167580                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26658679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483370                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21004772     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1769682      6.64%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905166      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1105468      4.15%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561047      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140363      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164964      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3924      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3293      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26658679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21244     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8668     23.35%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7216     19.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10091895     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99510      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2298150     17.83%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395560      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12886017                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.447174                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37128                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52476343                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16293613                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12556222                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12923145                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516307                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10305                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       398752                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        247136                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11920                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13778157                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1832                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2520001                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399083                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          933                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4476                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          250                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117898                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67986                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       185884                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12722872                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265722                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163141                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2661241                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1935435                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           395519                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.441512                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12559101                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12556222                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7605376                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        16473200                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.435729                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.461682                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10006370                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11244395                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2534307                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       174213                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26259927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22082171     84.09%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1634510      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056986      4.03%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331051      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       556238      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105828      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67634      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61208      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364301      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26259927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10006370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11244395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2392469                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             2003691                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1727123                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         9819854                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       138362                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       364301                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           39674289                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27956496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                516038                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2157883                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10006370                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11244395                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10006370                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.879822                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.879822                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.347244                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.347244                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       59170637                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16339163                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14762773                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2183213                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953183                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175375                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459781                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434678                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128230                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5285                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23140097                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12410243                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2183213                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1562908                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2768426                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        577015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       342094                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1400808                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171789                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     26651321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       23882895     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         426529      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         211174      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         420625      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         130876      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         389985      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          60035      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          96432      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1032770      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     26651321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075762                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.430664                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       22856499                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       631340                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2762779                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2237                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       398462                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       202970                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13856869                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         5119                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       398462                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22888728                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        374761                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       160164                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2733266                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        95936                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13836260                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        10363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        77258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     18107383                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     62666723                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     62666723                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     14645398                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3461978                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1830                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          206590                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518974                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       398654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3320                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        90454                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13763745                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12875338                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8573                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2511788                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5155940                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26651321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21002039     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767332      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905320      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103183      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561487      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140300      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164521      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3869      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3270      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26651321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21329     57.33%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8686     23.35%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7188     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10083142     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99317      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2296888     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395090      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12875338                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.446803                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37203                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002889                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52447773                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16277409                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12545720                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12912541                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9730                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516084                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10387                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       398462                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        248484                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11773                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13765599                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1804                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518974                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4536                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          257                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117679                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67952                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       185631                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12712038                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264643                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163300                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2659692                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1933908                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           395049                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.441137                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12548617                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12545720                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7599430                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        16453770                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.435365                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.461866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9999403                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11235714                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2530428                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       174099                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26252859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22078874     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632958      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055581      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330944      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555911      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105803      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67474      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61253      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364061      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26252859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9999403                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11235714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2391157                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             2002890                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1725841                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         9812016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       138159                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       364061                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           39654901                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27931077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                516073                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2165241                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9999403                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11235714                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9999403                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.881828                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.881828                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.347002                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.347002                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       59122019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      16324057                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14751137                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2380422                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1948228                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234633                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977717                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934554                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244984                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10612                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22889953                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             13310537                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2380422                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1179538                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2778023                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        642487                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       519968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1402920                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234766                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     26592798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23814775     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         129858      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         205657      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         278026      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         286235      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         242329      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         135278      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         200504      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1300136      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     26592798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082606                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461906                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22658852                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       753330                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2772934                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         3112                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       404569                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       391258                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     16333656                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       404569                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22721326                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        149990                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       461549                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2714223                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       141138                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     16327094                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        18903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        61653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     22782781                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     75953642                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     75953642                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     19698130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3084629                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3977                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2039                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          422953                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1530983                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       826477                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9666                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       222220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         16304444                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3991                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        15466140                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2240                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1836545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4411842                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26592798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20031253     75.33%     75.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2711294     10.20%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1370553      5.15%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1021455      3.84%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       804170      3.02%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       327519      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       205126      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       107080      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14348      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26592798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3034     11.60%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9976     38.13%     49.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13152     50.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13007861     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231077      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1935      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1401566      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823701      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     15466140                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536710                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26162                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001692                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57553476                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18145052                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15230020                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     15492302                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31388                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251553                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12649                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       404569                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        118474                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13457                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16308462                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1530983                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       826477                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2041                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11442                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           74                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135521                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       133016                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       268537                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15249388                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1317574                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       216748                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2141211                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2166725                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           823637                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529188                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             15230153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            15230020                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8745964                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        23570465                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528516                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371056                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11482777                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     14128999                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2179476                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3904                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       237346                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26188229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20374693     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2890686     11.04%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1084011      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       516097      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       445958      1.70%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       249805      0.95%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       213908      0.82%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        98873      0.38%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       314198      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26188229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11482777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     14128999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2093258                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1279430                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1948                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          2037457                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        12729931                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       290904                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       314198                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           42182428                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          33021546                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                349017                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2223764                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11482777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            14128999                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11482777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.509546                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.509546                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398478                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398478                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       68624648                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      21219440                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15136672                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2242677                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2023255                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119459                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       855970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799565                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5337                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23741835                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             14102142                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2242677                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       923220                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2787488                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        375145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       584785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1364559                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119823                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     27366853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       24579365     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          98744      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         203625      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          85503      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         463131      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         411742      1.50%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          80037      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         167252      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1277454      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     27366853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077826                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.489376                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       23608688                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       719709                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2777164                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         8792                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       252495                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       197079                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     16534005                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1501                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       252495                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       23633470                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        521869                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       121861                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2762750                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        74403                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     16524000                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        31226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        27249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          421                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19408027                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     77820451                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     77820451                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17185503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2222524                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1926                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          977                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          190463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3896000                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1969702                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18112                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        95496                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         16489565                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1932                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        15846973                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8672                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1285141                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3085915                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27366853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21738545     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1682918      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1384583      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597793      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758358      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       734029      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417172      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32739      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20716      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27366853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39987     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312366     86.43%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9072      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9944393     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138349      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3798215     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1965068     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     15846973                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.549926                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361425                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022807                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59430896                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17777042                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15710143                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     16208398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28330                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       152623                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           72                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          406                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12586                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1401                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       252495                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        480301                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        21070                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16491519                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3896000                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969702                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          978                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14457                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          406                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68715                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        70950                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       139665                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15735043                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3785177                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       111930                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            5750023                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2061764                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1964846                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.546042                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             15710770                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            15710143                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8485337                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        16718046                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.545178                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507556                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12756087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     14990169                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1503248                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       121856                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27114358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21679725     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1982513      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930457      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       919974      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249691      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1069917      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        79947      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58283      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143851      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27114358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     12756087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     14990169                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              5700493                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             3743377                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1979913                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        13329447                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       145173                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       143851                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           43463885                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          33239365                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                521835                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1449709                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          12756087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            14990169                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     12756087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.259044                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.259044                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.442665                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.442665                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       77782444                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18250096                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      19683035                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2340451                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1918718                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232738                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       956570                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         911694                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         240095                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10296                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22402570                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             13314686                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2340451                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1151789                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2928249                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        659386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       741822                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1382619                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231077                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     26495702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23567453     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         317264      1.20%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         366806      1.38%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         201666      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         230744      0.87%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         127387      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          87655      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         227464      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1369263      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     26495702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081219                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.462050                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22221494                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       926656                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2903690                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        23137                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       420721                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       380251                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     16259167                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        11989                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       420721                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22256658                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        263514                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       565465                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2892988                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        96352                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     16249364                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        22475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        46278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     22591112                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     75664818                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     75664818                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     19266005                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3325098                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4234                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2355                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          263585                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1551904                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       844062                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22049                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       186609                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16224018                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4246                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        15330791                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20936                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2034135                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4707654                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          462                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26495702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20039594     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2594388      9.79%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1395184      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       967473      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       844114      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       431619      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104850      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67875      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50605      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26495702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3800     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14690     44.01%     55.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14892     44.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12835134     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239517      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1876      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1416001      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       838263      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     15330791                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.532013                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33382                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002177                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57211602                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18262566                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15072545                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     15364173                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38119                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       275727                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           81                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          169                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18691                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          937                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       420721                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        211867                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14815                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16228286                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1551904                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       844062                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2356                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10683                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          169                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134174                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130972                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       265146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15100457                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1328689                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       230334                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2166662                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2113012                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           837973                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.524020                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             15072834                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            15072545                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8957448                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        23472300                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.523051                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381618                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11312547                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13879384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2349021                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3784                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       233874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26074981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20405681     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2629160     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1102574      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       659787      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458745      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296253      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154628      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123522      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244631      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26074981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11312547                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13879384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2101545                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1276174                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1986714                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12512474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       282366                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       244631                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           42058677                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          32877554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                345667                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2320860                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11312547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13879384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11312547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.547310                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.547310                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.392571                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.392571                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       68109352                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      20925725                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15166934                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3780                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28816534                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2380553                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1948292                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       233960                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       978120                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244907                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10623                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22895017                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             13308083                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2380553                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1179756                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2777515                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        639256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       521128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1402304                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234152                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     26595949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23818434     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         129657      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         205943      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         278259      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         286013      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         242574      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         134938      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         200317      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1299814      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     26595949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461821                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22664489                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       753985                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2772398                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         3074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       402002                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       391241                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     16328755                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1547                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       402002                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22726646                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        151736                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       460898                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2713927                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       140737                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     16322040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        18977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        61439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     22779553                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     75927498                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     75927498                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     19718349                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3061073                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3971                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2031                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          421226                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1529260                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       826775                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9830                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       272688                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         16299288                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3985                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        15469593                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2223                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1817005                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4361870                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           77                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26595949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19990602     75.16%     75.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2761186     10.38%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1387213      5.22%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1008442      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       795418      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       326838      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       205142      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       106923      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14185      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26595949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3079     11.75%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9979     38.09%     49.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13141     50.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13010944     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231313      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1937      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1401325      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       824074      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     15469593                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536830                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26199                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57563557                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18120349                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15235581                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     15495792                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32125                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248517                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12115                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       402002                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        120205                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13381                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16303305                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1529260                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       826775                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2033                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11342                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135534                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132461                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       267995                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15254766                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1318891                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       214827                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2142900                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2168503                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           824009                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.529375                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             15235717                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            15235581                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8748981                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        23571021                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528710                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371175                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11494581                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     14143499                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2159729                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3908                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       236676                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26193947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20341389     77.66%     77.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2925356     11.17%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1082256      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       516631      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       467028      1.78%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251128      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       200877      0.77%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99532      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       309750      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26193947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11494581                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     14143499                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2095382                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1280733                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1950                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          2039564                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        12742975                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       291198                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       309750                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           42187347                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          33008575                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                348489                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2220585                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11494581                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            14143499                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11494581                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.506967                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.506967                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.398888                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.398888                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       68650073                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      21228092                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15135798                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3904                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2242696                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2023406                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119468                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       860948                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800067                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123706                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5332                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23746808                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             14100033                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2242696                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       923773                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2787861                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        374688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       581966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1364934                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119914                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     27368895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       24581034     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          98860      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         204096      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          85517      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         463630      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         412110      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          79359      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         166868      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1277421      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     27368895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077827                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.489303                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       23614377                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       716143                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2777529                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         8830                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       252011                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       196915                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     16532007                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1498                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       252011                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       23638951                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        518674                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       121900                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2763303                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        74051                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     16522039                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        31288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        26953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          489                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19405348                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     77812387                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     77812387                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17190705                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2214643                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1924                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          976                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          189375                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3895839                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1969524                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18354                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        96495                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16487400                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1930                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15848055                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8280                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1281782                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3069809                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27368895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21739078     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1683459      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1386006      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       598064      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758147      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733246      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417355      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32876      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20664      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27368895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40255     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312264     86.36%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9063      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9945699     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138475      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3798049     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1964884     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15848055                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.549963                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361582                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022816                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59434867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17771524                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15711181                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     16209637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28544                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       152139                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          414                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12208                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1401                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       252011                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        476852                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20739                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16489345                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          134                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3895839                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969524                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          976                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14180                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          414                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68942                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        70928                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       139870                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15735837                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3785060                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112218                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            5749733                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2062319                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1964673                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.546069                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15711797                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15711181                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8485949                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        16719355                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.545214                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507552                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12759095                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14993876                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1497260                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       121875                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27116884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21680688     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1983034      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930751      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920313      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       250029      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1069896      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80209      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58161      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143803      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27116884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     12759095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14993876                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              5701016                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3743700                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1980436                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        13332785                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       145247                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       143803                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           43464178                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          33234318                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                522063                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1447667                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          12759095                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14993876                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     12759095                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.258511                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.258511                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.442770                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.442770                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       77786659                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18251081                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      19680775                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2611543                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2174056                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238953                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       998001                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         953077                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280212                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11146                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22701763                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             14323053                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2611543                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1233289                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2984506                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        665423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       783146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1411319                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228388                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     26893709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       23909203     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         183280      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         231385      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         367372      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         152471      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         197368      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         230394      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         105652      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1516584      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     26893709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090626                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497042                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       22567622                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       930331                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2970188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1526                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       424037                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       397646                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          257                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     17502981                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1470                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       424037                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22591123                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         74017                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       791798                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2948200                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        64524                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     17394338                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        44809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     24298551                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     80879924                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     80879924                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     20307058                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3991485                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         4223                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2208                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          229656                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1627744                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       851123                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9799                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       191675                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         16981368                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4237                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        16284939                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17012                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2073670                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4222507                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          177                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26893709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19995158     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3145037     11.69%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1287229      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       721162      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       976462      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300294      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296601      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159094      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12672      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26893709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112878     79.24%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15008     10.54%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14562     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13720050     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222324      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2014      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1492303      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848248      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     16284939                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565124                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142448                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59623046                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19059379                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15859588                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     16427387                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12136                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307832                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          106                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12350                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       424037                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         56533                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7170                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16985608                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1627744                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851123                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6307                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          106                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134983                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       275374                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16000359                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1467990                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284579                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2316136                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2262851                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           848146                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.555249                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             15859690                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            15859588                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         9501814                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        25518473                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550364                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372350                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11813880                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     14557578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2428112                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       240804                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26469672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20308835     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3122500     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1132241      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565778      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       516354      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217292      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214912      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102166      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289594      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26469672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11813880                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     14557578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2158679                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1319910                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              2026                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          2110111                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        13106542                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       300597                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       289594                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           43165690                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          34395439                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                346176                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1922853                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11813880                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            14557578                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11813880                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.439212                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.439212                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.409968                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.409968                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       71992421                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      22164287                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      16189850                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         4056                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2611561                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2174270                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238572                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       997710                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952980                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280006                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11096                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22698412                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             14322455                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2611561                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1232986                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2983625                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        665208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       788826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1410936                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228141                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     26895330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       23911705     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         183136      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         230564      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         366700      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         153268      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         197271      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         230278      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         105447      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1516961      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     26895330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090627                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.497022                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22564534                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       935625                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2969562                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1396                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       424208                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       397465                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     17503984                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1479                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       424208                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       22587743                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         73103                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       798881                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2947795                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        63590                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     17397150                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9075                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        44226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     24299832                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     80892776                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     80892776                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     20302855                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3996969                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         4217                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          225930                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1628021                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       851382                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9710                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       191220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         16979567                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4231                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        16280542                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17049                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2073862                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4235895                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          171                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26895330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19999037     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3144968     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1284822      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720982      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       977271      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300286      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       295965      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159312      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12687      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26895330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112748     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15075     10.59%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14569     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13716231     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222179      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2014      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1491837      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848281      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     16280542                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.564972                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142392                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59615855                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19057762                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15855499                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     16422934                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11745                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308381                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          104                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12777                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       424208                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         56158                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7185                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16983800                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12987                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1628021                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851382                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6283                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          104                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140182                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134788                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       274970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15995932                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1467281                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284610                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2315436                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2261964                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           848155                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555095                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             15855601                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            15855499                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         9496590                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        25504895                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550222                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372344                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11811466                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     14554590                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2429300                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       240414                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26471122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20311287     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3121860     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1132968      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       564620      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       516641      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217330      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214684      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102240      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289492      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26471122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11811466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     14554590                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2158244                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1319639                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              2026                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          2109662                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        13103879                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       300541                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       289492                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           43165442                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          34392005                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                345728                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1921232                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11811466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            14554590                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11811466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.439711                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.439711                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.409885                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.409885                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       71974310                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      22157061                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      16188979                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         4056                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2381398                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1948890                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234036                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977383                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934390                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         245076                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10600                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22890822                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             13314254                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2381398                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1179466                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2778241                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        640818                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       519215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1402413                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234200                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     26592053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.958229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       23813812     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         129958      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         205210      0.77%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         277902      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         286614      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         242171      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         135004      0.51%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         200966      0.76%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1300416      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     26592053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082640                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.462035                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22660080                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       752223                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2773104                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         3156                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       403489                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       391527                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     16337042                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1540                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       403489                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22722344                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        149935                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       460860                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2714631                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       140791                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     16330318                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        19007                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        61432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     22789415                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     75966739                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     75966739                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     19712183                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3077201                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3974                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2036                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          421808                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1530340                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       827116                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9722                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       248545                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16307303                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3987                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15470763                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2205                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1829941                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4399102                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           80                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26592053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20006585     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2737500     10.29%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1378951      5.19%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1015906      3.82%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       799707      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       327069      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       205125      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       106960      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14250      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26592053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3071     11.72%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9964     38.04%     49.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13159     50.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13010712     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231353      1.50%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1937      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1402264      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       824497      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15470763                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536871                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26194                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001693                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57561976                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18141306                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15235847                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     15496957                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32029                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249994                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12698                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       403489                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        118190                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16311315                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1530340                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       827116                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2036                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11451                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135442                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132652                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       268094                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15255250                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1318884                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       215511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2143310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2168071                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           824426                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.529392                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15236006                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15235847                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8748138                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        23572095                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528718                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11491030                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14139133                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2172177                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3907                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       236754                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26188563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20353742     77.72%     77.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2909254     11.11%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1083706      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       515822      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457022      1.75%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       250439      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       207334      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99238      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       312006      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26188563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11491030                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14139133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2094761                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1280343                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1950                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          2038926                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12739071                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       291117                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       312006                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           42187789                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          33026152                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                348363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2224509                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11491030                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14139133                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11491030                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.507744                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.507744                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.398765                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.398765                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       68651520                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      21227537                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15142279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3902                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2334519                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1909066                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230543                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       986420                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         921325                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239817                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10244                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22680738                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             13239834                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2334519                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1161142                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2774619                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        666511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       404572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1396304                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       232180                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     26290866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23516247     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         149798      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         237648      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         376940      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         157431      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         177029      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         186126      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         122940      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1366707      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     26290866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081013                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459452                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       22475053                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       612269                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2765726                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7179                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       430637                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       382717                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     16169465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1641                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       430637                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22508223                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        196151                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       319020                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2740333                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        96500                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     16159272                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        27576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        36505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4215                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     22429802                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     75165556                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     75165556                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     19147320                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3282469                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         4101                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2248                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          293762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1543402                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       828572                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24710                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       188129                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         16136140                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4114                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        15275114                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19136                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2046095                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4541343                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          381                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26290866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19849622     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2584769      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1414990      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963288      3.66%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900443      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260591      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201522      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68486      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47155      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26290866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3575     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11107     38.84%     51.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13916     48.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12796111     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240831      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1850      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1412928      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823394      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     15275114                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530081                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28598                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56888828                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18186551                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15027315                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     15303712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46209                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279649                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          208                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25361                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          988                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       430637                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        132326                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13521                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16140283                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          825                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1543402                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828572                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2250                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9948                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          208                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134275                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131619                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       265894                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15056461                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1329298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       218653                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2152244                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2118397                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           822946                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522493                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             15027538                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            15027315                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8786988                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22953617                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521482                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382815                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11246850                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13785773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2354526                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3733                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       235177                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25860229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20261061     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2712562     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056556      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       567877      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       425781      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237790      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146742      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       130938      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       320922      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25860229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11246850                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13785773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2066961                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1263750                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1863                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1978823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        12422078                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       280049                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       320922                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           41679528                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          32711301                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                367728                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2525696                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11246850                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13785773                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11246850                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.562190                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.562190                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390291                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390291                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       67898884                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      20831800                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      15080282                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2380778                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1948784                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234337                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977518                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934490                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244848                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10622                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22886214                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             13310103                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2380778                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1179338                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2777635                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        641990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       521585                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1402444                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234538                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     26590083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.958164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       23812448     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         129603      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         205652      0.77%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         277716      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         286822      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         242085      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         134480      0.51%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         200489      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1300788      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     26590083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082618                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461891                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22655089                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       755041                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2772324                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         3264                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       404364                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       391069                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     16333473                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1527                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       404364                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22717664                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        152155                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       460826                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2713620                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       141451                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     16326945                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        19029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        61738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     22782359                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     75952012                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     75952012                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     19698545                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3083814                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3933                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1996                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          424018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1531254                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       826135                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9574                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       221927                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16303320                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3946                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15464262                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2222                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1835866                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4413554                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26590083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20028624     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2711196     10.20%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1370870      5.16%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1021605      3.84%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       804412      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       326975      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       205010      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       107200      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14191      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26590083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3051     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9996     38.16%     49.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13151     50.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13006409     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231034      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1935      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1401426      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823458      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15464262                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536645                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26198                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57547027                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18143210                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15228210                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     15490460                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31116                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           82                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12294                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       404364                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        120561                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16307290                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1531254                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       826135                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1997                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11469                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           82                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135352                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132855                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       268207                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15247594                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1317771                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       216668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2141156                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2166665                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           823385                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529126                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15228329                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15228210                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8745696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        23568520                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528453                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371075                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11483017                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14129296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2178009                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3903                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       237050                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26185719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20371836     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2890716     11.04%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1083773      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       516406      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       446322      1.70%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       249925      0.95%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       213920      0.82%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99185      0.38%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       313636      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26185719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11483017                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14129296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2093295                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1279454                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1948                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          2037502                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12730197                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       290911                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       313636                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           42179310                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          33018994                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                348587                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2226479                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11483017                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14129296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11483017                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.509494                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.509494                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398487                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398487                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       68617139                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      21216781                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15136156                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3898                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2338894                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1918668                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232632                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       961833                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         912996                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239454                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10292                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22407882                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             13294904                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2338894                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1152450                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2925538                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        655696                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       747138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1382084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230940                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     26500039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       23574501     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         316622      1.19%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         369488      1.39%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         201572      0.76%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         230896      0.87%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         127406      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          87521      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         225193      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1366840      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     26500039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081165                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461363                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       22226025                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       932829                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2900846                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        23211                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       417124                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       378744                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2357                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     16227569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        12155                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       417124                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22261615                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        275187                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       559047                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2889777                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        97285                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     16217344                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           43                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        23213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        46299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     22555658                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     75510676                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     75510676                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     19274846                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3280812                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         4177                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2298                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          266230                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1546102                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       841860                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22212                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       185639                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         16191443                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4186                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        15309596                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19361                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1999111                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4626101                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          399                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26500039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20044618     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2599241      9.81%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1395446      5.27%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       967129      3.65%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       841756      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       428557      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105239      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67591      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50462      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26500039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3766     11.57%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13906     42.71%     54.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14890     45.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12819902     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239231      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1877      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1412460      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       836126      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     15309596                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.531278                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32562                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002127                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57171154                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18194916                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15055926                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     15342158                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38507                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       269342                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           90                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          181                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16100                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          939                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       417124                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        222813                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15169                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16195655                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3678                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1546102                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       841860                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2295                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10898                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          181                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135087                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129902                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       264989                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15082102                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1327773                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       227494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2163640                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2112350                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           835867                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523383                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             15056193                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            15055926                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8950283                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        23432358                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522475                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381963                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11317773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     13885710                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2310161                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3787                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       233744                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26082915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20410328     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2630706     10.09%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1102623      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       660096      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       460265      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296661      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154525      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123733      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243978      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26082915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     11317773                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     13885710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2102520                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1276760                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1987588                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        12518195                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       282486                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       243978                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           42034730                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          32808884                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                345214                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2316523                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          11317773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            13885710                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     11317773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.546134                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.546134                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.392752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.392752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       68035865                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      20907104                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      15145736                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3782                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28816562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2185441                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1955065                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175278                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1462191                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435582                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128254                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5246                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23145936                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12420285                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2185441                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1563836                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2769953                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        577134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       341040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1401224                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171693                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     26657849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23887896     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         426670      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         211111      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         420621      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         130912      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         389860      1.46%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          60441      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          96773      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1033565      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     26657849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075840                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.431012                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22856301                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       636321                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2764296                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       398671                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       203355                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13867340                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         5144                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       398671                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22889209                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        377688                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       160000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2734313                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        97964                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13846546                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        10450                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        79243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18123974                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     62712372                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     62712372                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     14656345                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3467621                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1836                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          936                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          209920                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2519431                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       399020                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3475                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        90964                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13774088                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1842                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12883422                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8471                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2513736                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5166302                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26657849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21005032     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1768649      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905989      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104925      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561111      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139799      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165140      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3891      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3313      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26657849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21240     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8651     23.32%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7199     19.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10090075     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99468      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297470     17.83%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395507      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12883422                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.447084                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37090                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52470253                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16289707                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12554646                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12920512                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10175                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515817                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10290                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       398671                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        248306                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11851                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13775944                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1767                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2519431                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399020                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4447                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          257                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117616                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67998                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       185614                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12721011                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265379                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2660846                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1935744                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           395467                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.441448                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12557500                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12554646                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7604153                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        16462336                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.435675                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.461912                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10005764                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11243615                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2532885                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       173994                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26259178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22082261     84.09%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633981      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1057092      4.03%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330828      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555997      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105549      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67676      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61175      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364619      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26259178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10005764                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11243615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2392341                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             2003611                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1726991                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9819136                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       138331                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       364619                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           39671020                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          27952006                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                515964                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2158713                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10005764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11243615                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10005764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.879996                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.879996                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.347223                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.347223                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       59160539                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16337408                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14762116                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          33347                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.060190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1707050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          66098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          25.826046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           296.558155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.303289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   876.538574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    20.398878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   887.209803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.055531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   877.519383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.844529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   895.118561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.673669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   646.597899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.457722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1591.904753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    21.536765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   882.072992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.753210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   655.518637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.342827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1598.178789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.766133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   564.991956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.476695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   562.768720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    21.279802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   654.393500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.809882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1331.125382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.874007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   656.573875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.425782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   887.181830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    20.595773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   887.816570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1183.889297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1137.971927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1226.903479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1190.334820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           955.864207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1336.750294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1161.143446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           937.151831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1344.280352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           778.862143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           774.318641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           959.681765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1388.699909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           939.991224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1143.758131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1205.794853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.026750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.027075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.026780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.027317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.019733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.048581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.026919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.020005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.048773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.017242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.017174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.019971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.040623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.020037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.027075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.027094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.036129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.034728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.037442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.036326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.029171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.040794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.035435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.028600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.041024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.023769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.023630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.029287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.042380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.028686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.034905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.036798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   62771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            19433                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 19433                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   233                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    63004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4074                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4095                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4038                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3082                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5546                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4086                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2987                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2948                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3084                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5048                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3059                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4090                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   63004                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 33327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  33327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1955                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2054                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1927                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1461                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3660                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2028                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1481                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3627                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1249                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3113                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1947                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 33327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5134857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    323950399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5768243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    344362848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5143757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    318495424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5068618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    328356765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6313228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    241805376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5798012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    608792082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5730563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    338064343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6579447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    246221235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5843157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    603812958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5799851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    206881570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5695954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    210240213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6638527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    244467654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6195605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    519007928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6422565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    246716894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5418706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    339815506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5242840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    320689963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5534475088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5134857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    323950399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5768243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    344362848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5143757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    318495424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5068618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    328356765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6313228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    241805376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5798012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    608792082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5730563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    338064343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6579447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    246221235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5843157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    603812958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5799851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    206881570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5695954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    210240213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6638527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    244467654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6195605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    519007928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6422565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    246716894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5418706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    339815506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5242840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    320689963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5534475088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5134857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    323950399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5768243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    344362848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5143757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    318495424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5068618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    328356765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6313228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    241805376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5798012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    608792082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5730563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    338064343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6579447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    246221235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5843157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    603812958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5799851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    206881570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5695954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    210240213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6638527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    244467654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6195605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    519007928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6422565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    246716894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5418706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    339815506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5242840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    320689963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5534475088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               96098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19433                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             19433                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                96331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               96331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.324751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.336556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.320472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.322873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.397956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.326932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.393512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.296042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.323776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.382292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.328253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.321871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.346802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.324266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.335566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.319993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.321594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.397567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.325638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.393128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.299097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.322496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.381448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.326953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.321393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.345963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.324266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.335566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.319993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.321594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.397567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.325638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.393128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.299097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.322496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.381448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.326953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.321393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.345963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171161.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165703.528900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160228.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167654.745862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160742.406250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165280.448365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158394.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164920.524862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161877.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165506.759754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156703.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166336.634426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159182.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166698.393984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160474.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166253.365969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162309.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166477.242349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156752.729730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165637.766213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158220.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 167122.585851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165963.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166531.099455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172100.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 166722.752329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164681.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166027.519515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150519.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166087.735093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158873.939394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164709.790960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166065.805143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171161.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165703.528900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160228.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167654.745862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160742.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165280.448365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158394.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164920.524862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161877.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165506.759754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156703.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166336.634426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159182.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166698.393984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160474.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166253.365969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162309.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166477.242349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156752.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165637.766213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158220.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 167122.585851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165963.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166531.099455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172100.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 166722.752329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164681.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166027.519515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150519.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166087.735093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158873.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164709.790960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166065.805143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 171161.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165703.528900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160228.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167654.745862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160742.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165280.448365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158394.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164920.524862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161877.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165506.759754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156703.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166336.634426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159182.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166698.393984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160474.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166253.365969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162309.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166477.242349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156752.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165637.766213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158220.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 167122.585851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165963.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166531.099455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172100.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 166722.752329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164681.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166027.519515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150519.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166087.735093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158873.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164709.790960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166065.805143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10172                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10172                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            33327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             33327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            33327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3393531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    210059836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3675527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    224748659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3280715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    206251281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3206615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    212381750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4045248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    156748158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3642354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    395738556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3635715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    219948438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4195016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    159979919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3747297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    392715046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3649015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    134160873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3607559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    136986469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4314313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    158991452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4100099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    337718291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4158804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    160209906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3322443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    220685996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3325687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    207322866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3593947434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3393531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    210059836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3675527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    224748659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3280715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    206251281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3206615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    212381750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4045248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    156748158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3642354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    395738556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3635715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    219948438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4195016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    159979919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3747297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    392715046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3649015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    134160873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3607559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    136986469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4314313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    158991452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4100099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    337718291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4158804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    160209906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3322443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    220685996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3325687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    207322866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3593947434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3393531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    210059836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3675527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    224748659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3280715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    206251281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3206615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    212381750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4045248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    156748158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3642354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    395738556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3635715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    219948438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4195016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    159979919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3747297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    392715046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3649015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    134160873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3607559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    136986469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4314313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    158991452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4100099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    337718291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4158804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    160209906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3322443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    220685996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3325687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    207322866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3593947434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.324751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.336556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.320472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.322873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.397956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.326932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.393512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.296042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.323776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.382292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.328253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.321871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.346802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.324266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.335566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.319993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.321594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.397567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.325638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.393128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.299097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.322496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.381448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.326953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.321393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.345963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.324266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.335566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.319993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.321594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.397567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.325638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.393128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.299097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.322496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.381448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.326953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.321393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.345963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 113117.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107447.486445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102097.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109419.989776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102522.343750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107032.320187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100206.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106670.894023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103724.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107288.266940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        98442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108125.288525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 100992.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108455.837278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 102317.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108021.552330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 104091.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108275.446926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98622.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107414.630104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100209.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108892.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 107857.825000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108304.803815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 113891.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108486.441054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       106636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107812.857335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92290.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107862.168133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100778.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106483.238829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107838.912413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 113117.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107447.486445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102097.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109419.989776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102522.343750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107032.320187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100206.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106670.894023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103724.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107288.266940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        98442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108125.288525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 100992.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108455.837278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 102317.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108021.552330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 104091.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108275.446926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98622.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107414.630104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100209.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108892.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 107857.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108304.803815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 113891.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108486.441054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       106636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107812.857335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92290.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107862.168133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100778.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106483.238829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107838.912413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 113117.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107447.486445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102097.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109419.989776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102522.343750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107032.320187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 100206.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106670.894023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103724.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107288.266940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        98442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108125.288525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 100992.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108455.837278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 102317.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108021.552330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 104091.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108275.446926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98622.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107414.630104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100209.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108892.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 107857.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108304.803815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 113891.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108486.441054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       106636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107812.857335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92290.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107862.168133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100778.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106483.238829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107838.912413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              552.138931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001433348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1794683.419355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.969289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.169641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.041617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1401079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1401079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1401079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1401079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1401079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6516630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6516630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6516630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6516630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6516630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6516630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1401116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1401116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1401116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 176125.135135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176125.135135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 176125.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176125.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 176125.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176125.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5666828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5666828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5666828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5666828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5666828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5666828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182800.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182800.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182800.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182800.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182800.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182800.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221206035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35195.868735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.193497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.806503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.719506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.280494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2073771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2460201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2460201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           41                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           41                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        20782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        20782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2344901946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2344901946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3868004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3868004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2348769950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2348769950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2348769950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2348769950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2094512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 113056.359192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113056.359192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94341.560976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94341.560976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 113019.437494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113019.437494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 113019.437494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113019.437494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          765                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             765                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    617090113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617090113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       649636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       649636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    617739749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    617739749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    617739749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    617739749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102506.663289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102506.663289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 72181.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72181.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102461.394759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102461.394759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102461.394759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102461.394759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              512.058199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1076050264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2073314.574181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.058199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.048170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1382437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1382437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1382437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1382437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1382437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1382437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7521621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7521621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7521621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7521621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7521621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7521621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1382484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1382484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1382484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1382484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1382484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1382484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160034.489362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160034.489362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160034.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160034.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160034.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160034.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6297084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6297084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6297084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6297084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6297084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6297084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170191.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170191.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170191.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170191.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170191.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170191.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              170151179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             26682.010193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.546996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.453004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.888855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.111145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       971792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        971792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       822298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1794090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1794090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1794090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1794090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        21057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        21057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2695153331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2695153331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     30796404                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30796404                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2725949735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2725949735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2725949735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2725949735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       992581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       992581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       822566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1893                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1893                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1815147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1815147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1815147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1815147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.020944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 129643.240704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129643.240704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114911.955224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114911.955224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 129455.750344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129455.750344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 129455.750344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129455.750344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            2120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    638526811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    638526811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1200946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1200946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    639727757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    639727757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    639727757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    639727757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104625.071440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104625.071440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66719.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66719.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104513.601862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104513.601862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104513.601862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104513.601862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              552.239485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1001433774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1788274.596429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.187276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.052209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.041967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1401505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1401505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1401505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1401505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1401505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6308102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6308102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6308102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6308102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6308102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6308102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1401545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1401545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1401545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157702.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157702.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157702.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157702.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157702.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157702.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5531392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5531392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5531392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5531392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5531392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5531392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167617.939394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167617.939394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167617.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167617.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167617.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167617.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 6022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              221206813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35235.236222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.859421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.140579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.722107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.277893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2074082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2074082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       386895                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386895                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2460977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2460977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        20712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        20712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2315655337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2315655337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3825852                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3825852                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2319481189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2319481189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2319481189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2319481189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2094749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       386940                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386940                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2481689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2481689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2481689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2481689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112046.031693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112046.031693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85018.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85018.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111987.311172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111987.311172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111987.311172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111987.311172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14690                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14690                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    611890514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    611890514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       581904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       581904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    612472418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    612472418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    612472418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    612472418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101761.269583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101761.269583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64656                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64656                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101705.815012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101705.815012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101705.815012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101705.815012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              552.603888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001433038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1788273.282143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.550956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.052931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.042550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1400769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1400769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1400769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1400769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1400769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6405558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6405558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6405558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6405558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6405558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6405558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1400808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1400808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1400808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164245.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164245.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164245.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164245.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164245.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164245.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5608488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5608488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5608488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5608488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5608488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5608488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169954.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169954.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169954.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169954.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169954.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169954.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 6029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              221205533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35195.788862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   184.865209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    71.134791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.722130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.277870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2073313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       386385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2459698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2459698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        20811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20811                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        20811                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2349606683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2349606683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3852724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3852724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2353459407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2353459407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2353459407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2353459407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2094079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       386430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2480509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2480509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 113146.811278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113146.811278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85616.088889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85616.088889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 113087.281101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113087.281101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 113087.281101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113087.281101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    620059135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    620059135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       616936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       616936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    620676071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    620676071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    620676071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    620676071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102999.856312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102999.856312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 68548.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68548.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102948.427766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102948.427766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102948.427766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102948.427766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              506.843256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1074538405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2082438.769380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.843256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1402868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1402868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1402868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1402868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1402868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8533263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8533263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8533263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8533263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8533263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8533263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1402920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1402920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1402920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164101.211538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164101.211538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164101.211538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164101.211538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164101.211538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164101.211538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7098828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7098828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7098828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7098828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7098828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7098828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173142.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173142.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173142.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173142.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173142.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173142.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              163969070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             34167.341113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   221.540650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.459350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.865393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.134607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       964245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        964245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       809992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       809992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1774237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1774237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1774237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1774237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        14659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        14659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1781032429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1781032429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8694013                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8694013                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1789726442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1789726442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1789726442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1789726442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       978799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       978799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       810097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       810097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1788896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1788896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122374.084719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122374.084719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82800.123810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82800.123810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122090.622962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122090.622962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122090.622962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122090.622962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    462952426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    462952426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1218330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1218330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    464170756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    464170756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    464170756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    464170756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102309.928398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102309.928398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        67685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102172.739599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102172.739599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102172.739599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102172.739599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              572.799228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1108891827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1908591.784854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.547772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.251456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.050557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1364509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1364509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1364509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1364509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1364509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1364509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8173710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8173710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8173710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8173710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8173710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8173710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1364559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1364559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1364559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1364559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1364559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163474.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163474.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163474.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163474.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163474.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163474.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6280671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6280671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6280671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6280671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6280671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6280671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165280.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165280.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165280.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165280.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165280.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165280.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 9206                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              440734797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 9462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             46579.454344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.168608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.831392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.434252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.565748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3572321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3572321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1955157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1955157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      5527478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        5527478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      5527478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       5527478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        32641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        32641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3973003965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3973003965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2275042                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2275042                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3975279007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3975279007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3975279007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3975279007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3604934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1955185                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955185                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      5560119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5560119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      5560119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5560119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121822.707663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121822.707663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 81251.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81251.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121787.904997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121787.904997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121787.904997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121787.904997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1032866552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1032866552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       607496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       607496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1033474048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1033474048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1033474048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1033474048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112304.724584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112304.724584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67499.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67499.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112260.922007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112260.922007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112260.922007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112260.922007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              512.823893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1076050400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2073314.836224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.823893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.049397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1382573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1382573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1382573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1382573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1382573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1382573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7437542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7437542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7437542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7437542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7437542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7437542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1382619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1382619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1382619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1382619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1382619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1382619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161685.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161685.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161685.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161685.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161685.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161685.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6257272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6257272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6257272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6257272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6257272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6257272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169115.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169115.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169115.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169115.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169115.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169115.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6114                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              170148890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             26710.971743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.553901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.446099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.111118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       970714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        970714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       821053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       821053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1975                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1975                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1791767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1791767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1791767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1791767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        21170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        21170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2706924184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2706924184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30022632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30022632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2736946816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2736946816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2736946816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2736946816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       991618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       991618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       821319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       821319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1975                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1975                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1812937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1812937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1812937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1812937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000324                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129493.120168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129493.120168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112867.037594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112867.037594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129284.214265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129284.214265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129284.214265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129284.214265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2095                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            2095                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    634210730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    634210730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1210367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1210367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    635421097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    635421097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    635421097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    635421097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104037.193241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104037.193241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67242.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67242.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103928.867681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103928.867681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103928.867681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103928.867681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              508.382961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1074537788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2074397.274131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    33.382961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.053498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1402251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1402251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1402251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1402251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1402251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9407864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9407864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9407864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9407864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9407864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9407864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1402304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1402304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1402304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177506.867925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177506.867925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177506.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177506.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177506.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177506.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7782429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7782429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7782429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7782429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7782429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7782429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180986.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180986.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180986.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180986.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180986.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180986.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4547                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              163970108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             34139.102228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   221.547595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    34.452405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.865420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.134580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       964467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        964467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       810814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       810814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2006                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2006                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1952                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1952                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1775281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1775281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1775281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1775281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        14715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14715                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        14715                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1784700148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1784700148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8321098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8321098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1793021246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1793021246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1793021246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1793021246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       979082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       979082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       810914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       810914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2006                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2006                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1789996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1789996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1789996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1789996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122114.276291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122114.276291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 83210.980000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83210.980000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121849.897791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121849.897791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121849.897791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121849.897791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    465319159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465319159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1198384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1198384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    466517543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    466517543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    466517543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    466517543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102719.461148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102719.461148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66576.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66576.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102576.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102576.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102576.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102576.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              573.919390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1108892202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1911883.106897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    32.330274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.589116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.051811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1364884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1364884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1364884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1364884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1364884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1364884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8127280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8127280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8127280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8127280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8127280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8127280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1364934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1364934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1364934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1364934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1364934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162545.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162545.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162545.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162545.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162545.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162545.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6352350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6352350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6352350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6352350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6352350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6352350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171685.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171685.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171685.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171685.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171685.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171685.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 9226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              440734477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 9482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             46481.172432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.172350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.827650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.434267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.565733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3571804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3571804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1955355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1955355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      5527159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        5527159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      5527159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       5527159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        32738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        32738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3967806710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3967806710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2399500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2399500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3970206210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3970206210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3970206210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3970206210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3604512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1955385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      5559897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5559897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      5559897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5559897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121309.976458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121309.976458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 79983.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79983.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121272.106115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121272.106115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121272.106115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121272.106115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1031298882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1031298882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       619036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       619036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1031917918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1031917918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1031917918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1031917918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111890.949550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111890.949550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 68781.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68781.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111848.896380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111848.896380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111848.896380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111848.896380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              488.438751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1077535284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2181245.514170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    33.438751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.053588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1411270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1411270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1411270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1411270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1411270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1411270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8181816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8181816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8181816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8181816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8181816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8181816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1411319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1411319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1411319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1411319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1411319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1411319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166975.836735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166975.836735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166975.836735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166975.836735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166975.836735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166975.836735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6541733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6541733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6541733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6541733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6541733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6541733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167736.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167736.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167736.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167736.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167736.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167736.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 4236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              160314103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35688.802983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   221.111478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    34.888522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.863717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.136283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1123984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       834601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1958585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1958585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1958585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1958585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        10955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        10955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1163870807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1163870807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6413746                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6413746                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1170284553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1170284553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1170284553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1170284553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1134867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       834673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1969540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1969540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1969540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1969540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106943.931545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106943.931545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 89079.805556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89079.805556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106826.522410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106826.522410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106826.522410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106826.522410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             924                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         6664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         6719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         6719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6719                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    418050102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418050102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1267229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1267229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    419317331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    419317331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    419317331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    419317331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99087.485660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99087.485660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 74542.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74542.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98988.982767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98988.982767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98988.982767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98988.982767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              487.375019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1077534899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2185669.166329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    32.375019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.051883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1410885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1410885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1410885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1410885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1410885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8495661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8495661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8495661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8495661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8495661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8495661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1410936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1410936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1410936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166581.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166581.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166581.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166581.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166581.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166581.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6537094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6537094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6537094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6537094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6537094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6537094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172028.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172028.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172028.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172028.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172028.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172028.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4206                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              160313827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35928.692739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   221.105934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    34.894066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.863695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.136305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1123909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       834405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1958314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1958314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1958314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1958314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        10841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10841                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        10841                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1162485107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1162485107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8264448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8264448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1170749555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1170749555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1170749555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1170749555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1134646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       834509                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834509                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1969155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1969155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1969155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1969155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108269.079538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108269.079538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 79465.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79465.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107992.764044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107992.764044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107992.764044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107992.764044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          919                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             919                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    418551246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418551246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1348027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1348027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    419899273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    419899273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    419899273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    419899273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99940.603152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99940.603152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 74890.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74890.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99833.398241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99833.398241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99833.398241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99833.398241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              508.378142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1074537899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2074397.488417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.378142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1402362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1402362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1402362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1402362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1402362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9678491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9678491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9678491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9678491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9678491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9678491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1402413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1402413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1402413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189774.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189774.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189774.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189774.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189774.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189774.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8307668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8307668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8307668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8307668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8307668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8307668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 193201.581395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193201.581395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 193201.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193201.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 193201.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193201.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4552                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              163970085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             34103.595050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   221.547765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    34.452235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.865421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.134579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       964678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        964678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       810578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       810578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2009                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2009                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1951                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1951                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1775256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1775256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1775256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1775256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        14694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        14694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1782635893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1782635893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9240853                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9240853                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1791876746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1791876746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1791876746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1791876746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       979266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       979266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       810684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       810684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2009                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2009                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1951                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1951                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1789950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1789950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1789950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1789950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122198.786194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122198.786194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87177.858491                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87177.858491                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121946.151218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121946.151218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121946.151218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121946.151218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    465594737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465594737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1342313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1342313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    466937050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    466937050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    466937050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    466937050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102689.619982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102689.619982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 74572.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74572.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102578.438049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102578.438049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102578.438049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102578.438049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              520.544903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1080582729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2050441.611006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.544903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.048950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1396252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1396252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1396252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1396252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1396252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1396252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8715235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8715235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8715235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8715235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8715235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8715235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1396304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1396304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1396304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1396304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1396304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1396304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167600.673077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167600.673077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167600.673077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167600.673077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167600.673077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167600.673077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6618005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6618005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6618005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6618005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6618005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6618005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       178865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       178865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       178865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       178865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       178865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       178865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 8161                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              178890048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             21253.421409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   228.807183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    27.192817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.893778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.106222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       966994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       799335                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799335                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1766329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1766329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1766329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1766329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        21030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        21030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2531349947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2531349947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9050087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9050087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2540400034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2540400034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2540400034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2540400034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       987917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       799442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1787359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1787359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1787359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1787359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120984.081967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120984.081967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84580.252336                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84580.252336                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120798.860390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120798.860390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120798.860390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120798.860390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    887109233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    887109233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1189194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1189194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    888298427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    888298427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    888298427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    888298427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108941.327889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108941.327889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66066.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66066.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108846.762284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108846.762284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108846.762284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108846.762284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              507.176445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1074537934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2082437.856589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    32.176445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.051565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1402397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1402397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1402397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1402397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1402397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9115935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9115935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9115935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9115935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9115935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9115935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1402444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1402444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1402444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 193956.063830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193956.063830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 193956.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 193956.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 193956.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 193956.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7884838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7884838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7884838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7884838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7884838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7884838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 192313.121951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192313.121951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 192313.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192313.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 192313.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192313.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4545                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              163969519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             34153.201208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   221.542993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    34.457007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.865402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.134598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       964719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        964719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       810008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       810008                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1974                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1974                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1774727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1774727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1774727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1774727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        14698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        14698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1792452483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1792452483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8851379                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8851379                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1801303862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1801303862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1801303862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1801303862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       979314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       979314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       810111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       810111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1974                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1974                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1789425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1789425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1789425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1789425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122812.777184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122812.777184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85935.718447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85935.718447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122554.351749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122554.351749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122554.351749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122554.351749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    467143681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467143681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1248768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1248768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    468392449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    468392449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    468392449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    468392449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103190.563508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103190.563508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        69376                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69376                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103056.644444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103056.644444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103056.644444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103056.644444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              511.791937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1076049865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2073313.805395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.791937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.047743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1382038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1382038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1382038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1382038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1382038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1382038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6961399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6961399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6961399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6961399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6961399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6961399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1382084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1382084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1382084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1382084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1382084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1382084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151334.760870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151334.760870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151334.760870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151334.760870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151334.760870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151334.760870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5929230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5929230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5929230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5929230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5929230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5929230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160249.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160249.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160249.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160249.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160249.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160249.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              170147736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             26618.857322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.550195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.449805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.888868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.111132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       969201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        969201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       821438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       821438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1790639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1790639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1790639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1790639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        21286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        21286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2723776383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2723776383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     29924729                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29924729                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2753701112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2753701112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2753701112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2753701112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       990219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       990219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       821706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       821706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1811925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1811925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1811925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1811925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129592.557950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129592.557950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111659.436567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111659.436567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129366.772151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129366.772151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129366.772151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129366.772151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2103                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            2103                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    636209332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    636209332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1221577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1221577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    637430909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    637430909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    637430909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    637430909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103989.756783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103989.756783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 67865.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67865.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103883.785691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103883.785691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103883.785691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103883.785691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              553.436426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1001433452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1785086.367201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    27.754010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.682416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.044478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1401183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1401183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1401183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1401183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1401183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6543790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6543790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6543790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6543790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6543790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6543790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1401224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1401224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1401224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159604.634146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159604.634146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159604.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159604.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159604.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159604.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5707215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5707215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5707215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5707215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5707215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5707215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167859.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167859.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167859.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167859.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167859.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167859.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6058                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              221206208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             35034.242635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   184.444509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    71.555491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.720486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.279514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2073522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       386847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2460369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2460369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        20760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        20760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2322581022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2322581022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4117120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4117120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2326698142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2326698142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2326698142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2326698142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2094237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       386892                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386892                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2481129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2481129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2481129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2481129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112120.734830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112120.734830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91491.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91491.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112076.018401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112076.018401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112076.018401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112076.018401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    616928356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    616928356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       645117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       645117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    617573473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    617573473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    617573473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    617573473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101988.486692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101988.486692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 71679.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71679.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101943.458732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101943.458732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101943.458732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101943.458732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
