
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001067                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1066670571                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400563384969                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 404148                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   533098                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37053                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67620552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28787.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11634398913                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15346540443                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        20224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        82816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        81792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        23808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        18816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        83712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        86144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        30848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        30848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        24704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        18304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        30080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        82304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        30848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        80896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               793600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       376320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            376320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  6200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3239988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     18959931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3359988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     77639716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3599987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     76679719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1679994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     22799917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1679994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     22319918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3119989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17639935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2879989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     78479713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2999989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     80759704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1799993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     28919894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1799993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     28919894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1679994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23159915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2759990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17159937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1799993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     28199897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2999989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     77159718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1799993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     28919894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3239988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     75839722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               743997277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3239988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3359988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3599987                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1679994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1679994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3119989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2879989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2999989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1799993                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1799993                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1679994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2759990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1799993                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2999989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1799993                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3239988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           40439852                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         352798709                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              352798709                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         352798709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3239988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     18959931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3359988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     77639716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3599987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     76679719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1679994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     22799917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1679994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     22319918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3119989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17639935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2879989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     78479713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2999989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     80759704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1799993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     28919894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1799993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     28919894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1679994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23159915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2759990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17159937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1799993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     28199897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2999989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     77159718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1799993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     28919894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3239988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     75839722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1096795985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2557964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         211049                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172842                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86559                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80862                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21239                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1024                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019306                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1180882                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            211049                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102101                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              245245                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        45523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125160                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22165                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2104166     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11402      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17802      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23760      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25263      1.08%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21248      0.90%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11520      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17682      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116568      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2349411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082507                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461649                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1998784                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        66515                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244608                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39127                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34405                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1447589                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39127                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2004846                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         13070                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        40408                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238935                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        13021                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1445974                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1589                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2017661                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6723506                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6723506                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715226                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         302419                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          182                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40860                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72327                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          823                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27342                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1442634                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1358846                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          289                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180055                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       437318                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1767243     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245659     10.46%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122647      5.22%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86503      3.68%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69463      2.96%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28922      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18193      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9484      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1297      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           318     12.91%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          908     36.85%     49.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1238     50.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1143316     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20223      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123166      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71973      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1358846                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531222                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2464                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001813                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5069855                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1623058                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1336320                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1361310                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2868                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25098                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1430                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39127                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         10279                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1145                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1442994                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72327                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          963                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12117                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13174                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25291                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1338516                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115705                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20329                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187660                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189642                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71955                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523274                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1336414                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1336320                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          768613                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2072694                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370828                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212543                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22367                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1798348     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257396     11.14%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93764      4.06%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44657      1.93%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42361      1.83%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22115      0.96%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16567      0.72%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8480      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26596      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182349                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111452                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108628                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26596                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3726662                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2925117                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32544                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                208553                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230444                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.557959                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.557959                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390937                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390937                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6022504                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1863001                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1340697                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2557964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         198405                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161827                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21046                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80180                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75489                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19683                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1921417                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1173409                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            198405                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        95172                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              240614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         66732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        61730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          120104                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21071                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2268683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2028069     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          12714      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20125      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          30017      1.32%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          12840      0.57%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          15079      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          15420      0.68%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          10986      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         123433      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2268683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077564                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.458728                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1897145                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        86765                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          238848                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1390                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44530                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        32111                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1422212                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1370                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44530                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1901997                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         38976                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        32231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          235477                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        15467                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1418811                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         1154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         7584                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1722                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1939566                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6614202                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6614202                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1590659                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         348907                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          310                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           43429                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       144221                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        79481                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4080                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15952                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1413645                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316909                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1972                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       514343                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2268683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1707699     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227391     10.02%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125670      5.54%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82721      3.65%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75558      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23450      1.03%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16595      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5829      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3770      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2268683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           365     10.90%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1432     42.76%     53.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1552     46.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1083727     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24264      1.84%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130959      9.94%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77814      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316909                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.514827                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3349                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002543                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4907822                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1638132                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1292350                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1320258                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6349                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31245                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1056                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44530                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         26937                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1710                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1413963                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           57                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       144221                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79481                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          165                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          938                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           39                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11301                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13097                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24398                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1297444                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             201587                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         175954                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            77667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.507217                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1292474                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1292350                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          764548                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1939062                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.505226                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       953748                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1163137                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251878                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        21412                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2224153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1752799     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224321     10.09%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93402      4.20%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47594      2.14%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35629      1.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20320      0.91%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12563      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10464      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27061      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2224153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       953748                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1163137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               186939                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              112976                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           161606                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1051488                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        22682                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        27061                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3612094                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2874579                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 34648                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                289281                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            953748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1163137                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       953748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.682012                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.682012                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.372854                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.372854                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5890196                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1764696                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1347875                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2557964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         197690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161178                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21154                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75316                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19682                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          941                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1921608                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1171193                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            197690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        94998                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              240236                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         66765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        62617                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          120176                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21170                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2269305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2029069     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          12716      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20224      0.89%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          30274      1.33%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          12644      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          14843      0.65%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          15266      0.67%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          11042      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         123227      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2269305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077284                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.457861                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1897093                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        87885                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          238486                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        44449                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        32010                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1419124                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1386                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        44449                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1901989                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         39504                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        33016                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          235106                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        15236                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1415848                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2759                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         7467                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1524                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1935678                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6601155                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6601155                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1587873                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         347798                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          337                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           43550                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       144004                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        79418                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4061                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        15988                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1410889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          341                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1314722                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2003                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       223222                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       512180                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2269305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1708862     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227436     10.02%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125701      5.54%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82511      3.64%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75192      3.31%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23372      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16654      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5817      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3760      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2269305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           365     11.02%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1401     42.31%     53.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1545     46.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1081790     82.28%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24235      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130877      9.95%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77675      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1314722                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.513972                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3311                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002518                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4904063                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1634529                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1289894                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6392                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31217                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1056                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        44449                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         27836                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1710                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1411237                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           87                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       144004                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79418                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          954                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11346                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13111                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24457                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1295104                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123914                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             201417                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         175505                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            77503                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.506303                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1290035                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1289894                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          763415                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1935810                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.504266                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.394365                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       952119                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1161076                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251237                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          298                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21520                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2224856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1754008     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224096     10.07%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93559      4.21%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47453      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35514      1.60%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20278      0.91%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12579      0.57%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10369      0.47%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27000      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2224856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       952119                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1161076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               186615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              112784                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           161311                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1049597                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        22623                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        27000                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3610156                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2869099                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 34752                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                288659                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            952119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1161076                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       952119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.686601                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.686601                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.372218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.372218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5879980                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1761663                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1345417                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2557964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         208293                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170744                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22021                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84919                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79406                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21104                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1988370                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1188416                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            208293                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       100510                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              259922                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         63403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        62554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          123958                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21764                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2351881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2091959     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          27650      1.18%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          32144      1.37%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          17560      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          19997      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          11415      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7835      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          20408      0.87%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         122913      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2351881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.464594                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1971998                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        79494                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          257602                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2101                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        40681                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        33699                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          354                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1450298                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1968                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        40681                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1975516                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         14545                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        55864                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          256221                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         9049                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1448450                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1872                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2015532                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6742398                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6742398                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1690050                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         325460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          214                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           26339                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       138918                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        74446                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1758                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        16315                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1444911                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356240                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1912                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199213                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       464477                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2351881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1781696     75.76%     75.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228423      9.71%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123651      5.26%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85249      3.62%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74634      3.17%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38161      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9521      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6067      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4479      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2351881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           352     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1381     44.88%     56.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1344     43.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1135824     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21171      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125265      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73815      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356240                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530203                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3077                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002269                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5069349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1644539                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1331579                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3367                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27101                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2116                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        40681                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10309                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1054                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1445290                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138918                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74446                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          214                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          727                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12152                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12812                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24964                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1334409                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117188                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21830                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             190971                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         185988                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            73783                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.521668                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1331647                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1331579                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          792644                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2078021                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.520562                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381442                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       992268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1217233                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228049                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21992                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344900                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1813724     78.48%     78.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230810      9.99%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97002      4.20%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57707      2.50%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39940      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26105      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13751      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10781      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21380      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       992268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1217233                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               184144                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              111814                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           174188                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1097399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        24756                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        21380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3735102                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2931265                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32205                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                206083                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            992268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1217233                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       992268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.577896                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.577896                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.387913                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.387913                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6017424                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1851447                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1351473                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2557964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         208105                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170442                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22027                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84387                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79167                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21102                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1989025                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1188327                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            208105                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       100269                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              259857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         63357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        60424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          124029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21778                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2350287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2090430     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          27603      1.17%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          32067      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          17586      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          20040      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          11466      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7674      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          20391      0.87%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         123030      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2350287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081356                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.464560                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1972809                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        77230                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          257585                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2033                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        40625                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        33811                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1450419                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        40625                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1976288                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         14872                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        53387                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          256178                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1448577                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2015736                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6744296                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6744296                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1689626                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         326072                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          381                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           26165                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       139169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        74602                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1788                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        16343                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1444743                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356427                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199219                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       464551                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           52                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2350287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1780244     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228276      9.71%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123414      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85350      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74767      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38236      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9450      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6075      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4475      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2350287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.74%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1442     46.25%     56.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1341     43.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1135678     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21201      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125476      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73907      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356427                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.530276                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3118                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002299                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5068233                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1644380                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1331514                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359545                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3332                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27384                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2289                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        40625                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10900                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1037                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1445124                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74602                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          216                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          718                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12108                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12799                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24907                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1334396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117231                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22027                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             191095                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         185914                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            73864                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.521663                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1331595                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1331514                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          792359                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2077891                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.520537                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381328                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       992023                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1216922                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228183                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        21997                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1812430     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230671      9.99%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96968      4.20%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57458      2.49%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40159      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26053      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13775      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10794      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21354      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       992023                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1216922                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               184089                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              111780                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           174147                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1097116                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        24749                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        21354                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3733413                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2930871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32160                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                207677                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            992023                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1216922                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       992023                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.578533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.578533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.387817                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.387817                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6017445                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1851168                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1351478                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2557964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         230753                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192296                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22725                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89423                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81694                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24331                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1043                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1996301                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1265912                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            230753                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       106025                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              262686                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         64558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        68850                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          125692                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21667                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2369454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2106768     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          15786      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20048      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          32221      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13005      0.55%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          17171      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          19852      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9432      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         135171      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2369454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090210                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.494890                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1984381                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        82166                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          261344                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          155                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        41402                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        34793                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1546250                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1274                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        41402                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1986961                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          6328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        69660                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          258882                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6215                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1535926                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2146598                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7137325                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7137325                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1757801                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         388780                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          367                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           22789                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       145499                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        74005                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          848                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        16782                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1498086                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1424092                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2032                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205640                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       436242                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2369454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1767754     74.61%     74.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273390     11.54%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112092      4.73%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63354      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84735      3.58%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27033      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26412      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13593      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1091      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2369454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10088     79.03%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1396     10.94%     89.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1280     10.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1200089     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19266      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130902      9.19%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73661      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1424092                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.556729                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12764                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008963                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5232431                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1704115                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1384785                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1436856                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1095                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31248                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1433                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        41402                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          4716                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          630                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1498456                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145499                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74005                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          561                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12692                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13225                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        25917                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1397717                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128114                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26372                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             201745                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         197034                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            73631                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.546418                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1384821                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1384785                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          829760                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2230872                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.541362                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371944                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1022478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1259836                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238612                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22711                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2328052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1794331     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       271015     11.64%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97982      4.21%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48743      2.09%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44478      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18917      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18804      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8949      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24833      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2328052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1022478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1259836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               186823                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              114251                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           182569                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1134270                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        25995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        24833                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3801654                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3038316                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                188510                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1022478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1259836                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1022478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.501730                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.501730                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.399723                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.399723                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6286189                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1937662                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1428043                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2557962                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         198119                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161634                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21014                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80384                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75475                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19703                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          933                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1915714                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1171497                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            198119                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        95178                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              240203                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         66672                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        63274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          119805                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21058                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2264082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2023879     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          12600      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20217      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          30161      1.33%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12688      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          14977      0.66%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          15580      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10928      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         123052      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2264082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077452                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.457981                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1891261                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        88517                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          238373                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1427                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        44499                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        32012                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1418951                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1360                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        44499                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1896120                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         40705                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        32385                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          235056                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        15312                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1415581                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2956                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         7591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1358                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1935281                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6598475                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6598475                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1586733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         348502                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          315                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          168                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           43803                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       143893                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        79203                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4105                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        15464                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1410583                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          318                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1313664                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2019                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       223939                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       514140                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2264082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1704340     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227143     10.03%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125191      5.53%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82414      3.64%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75515      3.34%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23350      1.03%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16551      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5843      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3735      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2264082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           359     10.82%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1415     42.63%     53.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1545     46.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1081010     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24227      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130708      9.95%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77574      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1313664                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.513559                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3319                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002527                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4896748                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1634916                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1289148                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1316983                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6357                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31183                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           79                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5407                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1049                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        44499                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         28652                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1750                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1410908                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          104                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143893                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79203                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          963                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           79                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11266                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13008                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24274                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1294303                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123773                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19361                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             201178                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         175543                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            77405                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.505990                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1289267                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1289148                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          762955                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1934719                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.503975                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394349                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       951466                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1160265                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251629                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21384                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2219583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372384                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1749294     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223704     10.08%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93212      4.20%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47721      2.15%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35527      1.60%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20264      0.91%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12458      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10426      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26977      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2219583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       951466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1160265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               186498                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              112706                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           161188                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1048876                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        22609                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        26977                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3604487                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2868338                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 34629                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                293880                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            951466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1160265                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       951466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.688443                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.688443                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.371963                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.371963                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5876401                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1760388                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1345556                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2557964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         197383                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160926                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21141                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79651                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75033                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19670                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          910                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1916200                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1167956                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            197383                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        94703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              239370                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         66402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        66179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          119879                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21179                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2266251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.992699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2026881     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          12580      0.56%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19927      0.88%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          30173      1.33%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          12750      0.56%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          14913      0.66%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          15247      0.67%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          10909      0.48%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         122871      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2266251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077164                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.456596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1891615                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        91518                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          237584                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1422                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        44107                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        31998                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1414926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1394                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        44107                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1896555                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         42505                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        33561                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          234181                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        15337                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1411855                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         7662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1324                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1931170                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6581042                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6581042                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1585414                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         345749                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          314                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          168                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           44035                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       143360                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        79010                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4043                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15931                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407164                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          317                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1312292                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2042                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       505632                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2266251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1706985     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       226878     10.01%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125489      5.54%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82263      3.63%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75189      3.32%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23143      1.02%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16745      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5766      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3793      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2266251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           387     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1427     42.61%     54.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1535     45.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1079996     82.30%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24163      1.84%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130544      9.95%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77444      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1312292                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.513022                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3349                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002552                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4896225                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1628274                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1287333                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315641                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6184                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30731                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5272                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1051                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        44107                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         29960                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1746                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407486                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           35                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143360                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79010                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11317                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13225                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1292435                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123483                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             200758                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         175365                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            77275                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.505259                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1287459                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1287333                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          761895                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1931767                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.503265                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.394403                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       950715                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1159340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249155                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21501                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2222144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1751996     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224027     10.08%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93034      4.19%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47492      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35354      1.59%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20337      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12611      0.57%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10342      0.47%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26951      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2222144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       950715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1159340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               186364                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              112629                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           161056                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1048047                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        22592                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        26951                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3603675                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2861120                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 34734                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                291713                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            950715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1159340                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       950715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.690569                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.690569                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.371669                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.371669                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5867167                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1758621                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1341655                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2557964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         195723                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173890                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17029                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       127843                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         122959                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11866                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          582                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2040233                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1109299                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            195723                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       134825                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              246470                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         55432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        34982                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          124604                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16603                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2360000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2113530     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          37073      1.57%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19099      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          35980      1.52%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          11840      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          33371      1.41%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           5253      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9073      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          94781      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2360000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.076515                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433665                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1974987                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       100940                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          245847                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          258                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        37967                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        19255                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1246573                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        37967                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1982308                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         66789                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        13714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          239892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        19329                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1243922                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        17417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1637899                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5642786                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5642786                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1302980                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         334861                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           34519                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       219204                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        36697                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          278                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8318                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1235829                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1148488                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1104                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237779                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       499100                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2360000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1854529     78.58%     78.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166686      7.06%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161050      6.82%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97420      4.13%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51070      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13284      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15290      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          366      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          305      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2360000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2081     57.93%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          851     23.69%     81.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          660     18.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904496     78.76%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9228      0.80%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198381     17.27%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36300      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1148488                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.448985                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3592                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003128                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4661672                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473781                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1117570                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1152080                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          952                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46814                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1125                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        37967                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         34607                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2314                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1235994                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           85                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219204                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36697                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          417                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10272                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7721                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        17993                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1131837                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             231341                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         171637                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            36290                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.442476                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1117973                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1117570                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          676236                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1491139                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.436898                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.453503                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       881733                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       995754                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240256                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16764                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2322033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1949957     83.98%     83.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147076      6.33%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93882      4.04%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29180      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48678      2.10%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9752      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6322      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5518      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31668      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2322033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       881733                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       995754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               207948                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              172376                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           152871                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          870592                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        31668                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3526375                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2510065                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 45168                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                197964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            881733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              995754                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       881733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.901064                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.901064                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.344701                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.344701                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5250420                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1462607                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1312546                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2557964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         195778                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16943                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128618                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123453                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11824                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          553                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2040807                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1109336                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            195778                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       135277                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              246484                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         55160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        34176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          124603                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16517                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2359595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529836                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.781736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2113111     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          37035      1.57%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          19107      0.81%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          36040      1.53%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          11872      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          33444      1.42%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           5326      0.23%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9115      0.39%     95.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          94545      4.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2359595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.076537                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.433679                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1978499                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        97171                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          245879                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          264                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        37781                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        19270                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1246191                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1368                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        37781                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1985510                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         63932                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        13626                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          240140                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        18605                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1243532                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        16672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1637281                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5640080                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5640080                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1304114                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         333151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           33497                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       219125                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        36686                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          335                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8317                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1235447                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1148710                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1067                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       236518                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       495984                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2359595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1853888     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166472      7.06%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161679      6.85%     92.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97537      4.13%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50781      2.15%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13235      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15346      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          362      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          295      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2359595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2051     57.73%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          843     23.73%     81.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          659     18.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904449     78.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9241      0.80%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198647     17.29%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36290      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1148710                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.449072                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3553                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003093                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4661635                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472138                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1117953                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1152263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          883                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46458                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1112                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        37781                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         33234                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1235612                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           79                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219125                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36686                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          409                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10332                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7568                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        17900                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1132287                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195349                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16423                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             231631                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         171746                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            36282                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.442652                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1118316                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1117953                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          676407                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1490136                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.437048                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.453923                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       882695                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       996716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238955                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16680                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2321814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1949208     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147356      6.35%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94060      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29113      1.25%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48774      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9813      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6308      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5564      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31618      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2321814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       882695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       996716                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               208238                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              172664                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           153028                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          871399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        12659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        31618                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3525867                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2509161                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 45280                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                198369                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            882695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              996716                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       882695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.897902                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.897902                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.345077                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.345077                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5252691                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1462790                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1312798                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2557964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         207989                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170348                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22022                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84335                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79114                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21091                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1987904                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1187686                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            207989                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       100205                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              259711                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         63341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        62270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          123966                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21775                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2350855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2091144     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          27588      1.17%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          32043      1.36%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          17577      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          20026      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          11460      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7668      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          20383      0.87%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         122966      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2350855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081310                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.464309                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1971703                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        79060                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          257441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2032                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        40614                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        33791                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1449654                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        40614                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1975185                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         14877                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        55221                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          256032                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8921                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1447808                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4411                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2014735                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6740661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6740661                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1688719                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         326004                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          214                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           26149                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       139088                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        74549                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1785                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        16334                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1443979                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1355655                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1972                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199197                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       464683                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2350855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1781188     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228081      9.70%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123347      5.25%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85297      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74737      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38212      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9443      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6077      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4473      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2350855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.76%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1438     46.19%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1340     43.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1135060     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21199      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125393      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73838      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1355655                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.529974                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3113                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002296                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5067250                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1643591                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1330752                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1358768                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3329                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27383                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2292                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        40614                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         10891                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1444358                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139088                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74549                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          214                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          718                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12107                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12795                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        24902                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1333637                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117152                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             190948                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         185802                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            73796                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.521367                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1330833                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1330752                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          791936                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2076699                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.520239                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381344                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       991470                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1216230                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228138                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        21992                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1813292     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230537      9.98%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96906      4.19%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57429      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40143      1.74%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26043      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13764      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10793      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21334      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       991470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1216230                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               183962                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              111705                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           174046                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1096498                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        24738                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        21334                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3733275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2929360                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32156                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                207109                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            991470                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1216230                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       991470                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.579971                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.579971                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.387601                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.387601                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6013987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1850202                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1350705                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2557964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         230617                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192087                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22622                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89633                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81711                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24432                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1047                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1997640                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1265645                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            230617                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       106143                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              262751                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         64199                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        67103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          125650                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21550                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2368857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2106106     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          15791      0.67%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20151      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          32218      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          12980      0.55%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          17147      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          19867      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9505      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         135092      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2368857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.494786                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1985559                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        80586                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          261401                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        41146                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        34845                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1546117                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1290                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        41146                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1988169                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          6293                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        68032                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          258903                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6308                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1535727                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2146442                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7137342                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7137342                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1759724                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         386668                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          369                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           23098                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       145510                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        74102                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          851                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        16811                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1498528                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          372                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1424938                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204434                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434928                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2368857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1766737     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273412     11.54%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112355      4.74%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63439      2.68%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84831      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27073      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26350      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13570      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1090      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2368857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10076     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1402     10.98%     89.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1287     10.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1200564     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19290      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131166      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73744      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1424938                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.557059                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12765                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008958                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5233476                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1703354                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1385804                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1437703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1065                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31100                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        41146                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          4712                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          622                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1498901                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145510                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74102                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          543                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12660                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13119                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        25779                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1398824                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128366                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26114                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             202079                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         197277                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            73713                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546851                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1385836                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1385804                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          830304                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2231478                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.541761                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372087                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1023612                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1261275                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237575                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        22605                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2327711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1793340     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       271312     11.66%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98096      4.21%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48839      2.10%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44577      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18972      0.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18773      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8968      0.39%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24834      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2327711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1023612                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1261275                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               187048                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              114397                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           182804                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1135573                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        26037                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        24834                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3801714                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3038914                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 32299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                189107                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1023612                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1261275                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1023612                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.498959                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.498959                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.400167                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.400167                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6291079                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1938949                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1427994                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2557735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         196125                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174302                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16869                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128802                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11779                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          561                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2042618                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1111201                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            196125                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       135255                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              246994                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         54960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        34678                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          124632                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16445                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2362291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2115297     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          37179      1.57%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          19229      0.81%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          36144      1.53%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          11700      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          33624      1.42%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           5281      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           8896      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          94941      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2362291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.076679                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.434447                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1976875                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       101130                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          246351                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        37655                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        19258                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          347                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1248379                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1363                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        37655                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1984255                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         66607                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        13917                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          240369                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        19487                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1245652                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        17555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1640483                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5649734                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5649734                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1307332                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         333013                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           85                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           35120                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       219307                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        36789                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          337                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8318                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1237408                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1150536                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1145                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       236136                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       495225                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2362291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1855512     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167120      7.07%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161833      6.85%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97783      4.14%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50773      2.15%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13268      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15346      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          355      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          301      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2362291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2105     58.28%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          840     23.26%     81.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          667     18.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       906017     78.75%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9248      0.80%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198791     17.28%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36396      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1150536                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.449826                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3612                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003139                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4668120                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473721                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1119923                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1154148                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1012                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46272                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1108                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        37655                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         34102                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2363                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1237577                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           67                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219307                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36789                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           85                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          448                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10211                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7595                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        17806                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1134087                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             231929                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         172028                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            36387                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.443395                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1120299                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1119923                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          677704                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1492937                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.437857                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.453940                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       884837                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps       999080                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238468                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        16608                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2324636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1951345     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147578      6.35%     90.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94174      4.05%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29265      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48878      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9730      0.42%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6302      0.27%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5527      0.24%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31837      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2324636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       884837                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps       999080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               208699                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              173026                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           153352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          873487                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        12680                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        31837                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3530347                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2512879                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 45098                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                195444                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            884837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              999080                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       884837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.890628                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.890628                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.345946                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.345946                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5261557                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1465684                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1315113                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2557964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         198342                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161665                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21083                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80249                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75502                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19771                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          933                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924258                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1174035                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            198342                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        95273                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              240788                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         66537                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        61165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          120273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21113                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2270899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2030111     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          12691      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20165      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          30248      1.33%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          12863      0.57%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          15037      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          15249      0.67%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          10959      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         123576      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2270899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077539                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.458972                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1899522                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        86678                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          238960                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1440                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        44294                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        32198                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1422650                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        44294                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1904344                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         39247                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        32067                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          235699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        15243                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1419441                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         7610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1503                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1941457                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6617518                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6617518                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1593217                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         348205                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          312                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          166                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           43506                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       144240                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        79566                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4077                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15990                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1414358                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          314                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1318087                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2034                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222819                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       512646                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2270899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1708841     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227957     10.04%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126339      5.56%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82722      3.64%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75446      3.32%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23454      1.03%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16553      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5782      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3805      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2270899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           374     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1425     42.58%     53.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1548     46.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1084517     82.28%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24280      1.84%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131242      9.96%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77902      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1318087                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.515288                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002539                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4912451                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1637569                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1293332                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1321434                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6357                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31076                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           82                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5489                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1046                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        44294                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         27099                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1751                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1414678                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           66                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       144240                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79566                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          166                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          971                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           82                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11323                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13128                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24451                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1298434                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       124127                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             201881                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         176270                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            77754                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.507604                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1293471                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1293332                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          765301                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1939852                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.505610                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.394515                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       955262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1165007                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250733                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21449                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2226605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1754237     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224958     10.10%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93667      4.21%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47648      2.14%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35570      1.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20363      0.91%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12627      0.57%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10366      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27169      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2226605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       955262                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1165007                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               187237                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              113160                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           161892                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1053149                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        22715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        27169                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3615163                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2875814                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 34696                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                287065                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            955262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1165007                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       955262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.677762                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.677762                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.373446                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.373446                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5894576                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1766760                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1348758                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2557964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         195612                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173883                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17034                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128089                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123040                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11871                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          587                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2042031                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1109289                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            195612                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       134911                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              246425                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         55429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        34893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          124674                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16602                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2361656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.781405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2115231     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          36916      1.56%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          19158      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          35976      1.52%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          11943      0.51%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          33390      1.41%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5331      0.23%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9065      0.38%     95.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          94646      4.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2361656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.076472                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.433661                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1975024                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       102600                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          245799                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        37959                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        19171                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1246406                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        37959                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1982484                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         68099                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        13677                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          239790                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        19646                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1243786                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        17716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1637822                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5642506                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5642506                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1303266                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         334546                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           35027                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       219298                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        36654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8294                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1235762                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1148732                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1119                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237473                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498401                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2361656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1855945     78.59%     78.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167079      7.07%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160751      6.81%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97696      4.14%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50897      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13234      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15380      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          367      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          307      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2361656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2080     57.92%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          849     23.64%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          662     18.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904567     78.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9223      0.80%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198585     17.29%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36274      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1148732                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.449081                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3591                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003126                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4663830                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1473408                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1117836                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1152323                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46845                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        37959                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         35059                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2380                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1235927                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           83                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219298                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          419                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10327                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        17978                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1132265                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195283                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             231548                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         171593                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            36265                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.442643                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1118210                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1117836                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          676302                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1491836                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.437002                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.453335                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       881978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       995999                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239991                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16769                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2323697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1951594     83.99%     83.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       146938      6.32%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94039      4.05%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29146      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48719      2.10%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9760      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6314      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5511      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31676      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2323697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       881978                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       995999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               208023                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              172449                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           152911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          870799                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        12659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        31676                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3528011                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2509974                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 45161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                196308                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            881978                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              995999                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       881978                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.900258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.900258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.344797                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.344797                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5252829                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1463059                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1312576                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2557964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         198037                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161464                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21144                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80342                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75357                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19750                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          930                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1919917                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1172311                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            198037                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        95107                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              240220                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         66674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        62046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          120125                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21173                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2266953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2026733     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          12621      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          19968      0.88%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          30186      1.33%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12771      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          14957      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          15414      0.68%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          11107      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         123196      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2266953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077420                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.458298                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1895303                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        87428                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          238487                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        44373                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        32075                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1420379                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        44373                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1900183                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         39337                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        32892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          235078                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        15085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1417167                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         7452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1409                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1938154                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6606968                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6606968                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1590410                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         347718                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          336                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           43362                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       143763                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        79334                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3991                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15976                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1412334                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316160                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1972                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222839                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       511518                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           42                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2266953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1706062     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227535     10.04%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125793      5.55%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82474      3.64%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75455      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23390      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16627      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5851      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3766      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2266953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           370     11.20%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1391     42.10%     53.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1543     46.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1083289     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24253      1.84%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130811      9.94%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77662      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316160                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.514534                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3304                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002510                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4904548                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1635589                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291503                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319464                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6230                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30815                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5398                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1039                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        44373                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         27343                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1681                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1412679                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           36                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143763                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79334                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          945                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11358                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13104                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24462                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1296606                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123813                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             201322                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         175770                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            77509                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.506890                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1291629                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1291503                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          764431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1939080                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.504895                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394224                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       953596                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1162915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250819                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          298                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21502                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2222580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1751246     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224250     10.09%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93395      4.20%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47767      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35531      1.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20422      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12479      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10454      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27036      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2222580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       953596                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1162915                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               186884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              112948                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           161572                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1051276                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        22673                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        27036                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3609265                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2871871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 34670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                291011                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            953596                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1162915                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       953596                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.682440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.682440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.372795                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.372795                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5886480                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1764136                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1346506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           6212                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32727.773896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           540988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          38928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          13.897143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1819.382183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.807856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    78.165332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.007302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   290.486159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.884963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   289.045833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.773572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    84.637818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.772997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    84.274067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    11.812199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    71.251223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    16.979579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   289.943635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    17.896230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   306.297944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.890699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   110.231189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.998606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   114.491019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.773247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    85.480019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    11.464299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    68.650484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.028774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   110.096573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    17.668921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   287.250284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.890092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   110.042136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.196702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   284.574210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1208.533557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2195.396457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2177.630640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1498.963282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1537.131101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           982.609960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2151.858751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2122.038177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1776.703187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1785.542847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1489.935325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1009.726120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1771.049813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2232.970965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1811.263649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2234.273917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.055523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.002385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.008865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.008821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.008848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.009347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.003364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.003494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.003360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.008766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.008685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.036882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.066998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.066456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.045745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.046910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.029987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.065670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.064759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.054221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.054490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.045469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.030814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.054048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.068145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.055275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.068185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.998772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             4080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  4080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    22                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          307                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          459                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5646                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  5796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   6201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          158                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          647                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          639                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          654                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          673                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          242                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          241                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          193                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          235                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          241                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  6201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4254027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     24076528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4249774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     87303710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4416805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     86536411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2246591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     28589910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2272954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28025039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3950863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22248514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3678383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     88834490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3764578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     91061207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2497144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     36465741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36712439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2122021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29181872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3433184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21703273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2366794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     35297379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3691141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86205535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2377386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36120877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4106024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     85686829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       875890423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10391394                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9703275                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10413133                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10310730                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10370884                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9855491                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      61044907                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4254027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     24076528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4249774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97695104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4416805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     96239686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2246591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     28589910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2272954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28025039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3950863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22248514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3678383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     99247623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3764578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    101371937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2497144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     36465741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36712439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2122021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29181872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3433184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21703273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2366794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     35297379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3691141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96576419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2377386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36120877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4106024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     95542320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        936935330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4254027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     24076528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4249774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97695104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4416805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     96239686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2246591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     28589910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2272954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28025039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3950863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22248514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3678383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     99247623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3764578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    101371937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2497144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     36465741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36712439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2122021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29181872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3433184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21703273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2366794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     35297379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3691141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96576419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2377386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36120877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4106024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     95542320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       936935330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               11420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         4080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              4080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               427                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                11847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               11847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.398990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.546226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.540338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.377282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.376923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.553555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.570217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.469903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.465251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.391481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.920000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.366667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.542533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.466151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.535545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.507531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.969231                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.957746                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.948478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.395990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.572566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.564987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.377282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.580302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.594523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.469903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.465251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.391481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.920000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.364796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.569027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.466151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.562278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.523424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.395990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.572566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.564987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.377282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.580302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.594523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.469903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.465251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.391481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.920000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.364796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.569027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.466151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.562278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.523424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157556.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152383.088608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151777.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150783.609672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147226.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150236.824653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160470.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150473.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162353.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150672.252688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151956.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151350.435374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153265.958333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152113.852740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150583.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150514.391736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166476.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150684.880165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160866.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152333.771784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151572.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151201.409326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149268.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151771.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157786.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150201.612766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147645.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150183.858885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158492.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149879.157676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152074.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151658.104425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151119.810732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152814.617647                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 154020.238095                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 148759.042857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151628.382353                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150302.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 147096.880597                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150728.165432                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157556.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152383.088608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151777.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150997.069552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147226.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150609.837246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160470.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150473.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162353.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150672.252688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151956.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151350.435374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153265.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151754.775229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150583.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150626.949480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166476.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150684.880165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160866.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152333.771784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151572.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151201.409326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149268.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151771.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157786.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150201.612766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147645.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150196.608087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158492.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149879.157676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152074.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151174.556962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151094.231576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157556.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152383.088608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151777.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150997.069552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147226.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150609.837246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160470.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150473.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162353.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150672.252688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151956.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151350.435374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153265.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151754.775229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150583.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150626.949480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166476.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150684.880165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160866.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152333.771784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151572.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151201.409326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149268.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151771.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157786.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150201.612766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147645.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150196.608087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158492.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149879.157676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152074.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151174.556962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151094.231576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             5796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              6201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             6201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2681725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     14871639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2619977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53622551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2672941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     53047257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1433739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17517867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1459263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17202650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2438707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13693167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2281918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     54858503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2310358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     55859587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1625947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     22437627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1543979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     22678217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1308195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17947364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2096059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13383249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1497262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     21606721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2236941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     52802215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1504991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22089532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2538576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52832018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    538700742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6432039                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6030432                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6337872                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6354570                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6355599                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5957668                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37468180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2681725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     14871639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2619977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     60054590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2672941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59077689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1433739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17517867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1459263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17202650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2438707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13693167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2281918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61196375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2310358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     62214157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1625947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     22437627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1543979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     22678217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1308195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17947364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2096059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13383249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1497262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     21606721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2236941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     59157814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1504991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22089532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2538576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     58789686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    576168922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2681725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     14871639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2619977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     60054590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2672941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59077689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1433739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17517867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1459263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17202650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2438707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13693167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2281918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61196375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2310358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     62214157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1625947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     22437627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1543979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     22678217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1308195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17947364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2096059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13383249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1497262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     21606721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2236941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     59157814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1504991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22089532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2538576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     58789686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    576168922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.398990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.546226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.540338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.377282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.376923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.553555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.570217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.469903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.465251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.391481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.366667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.542533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.466151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.535545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.507531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.969231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.957746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.948478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.395990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.572566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.564987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.377282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.580302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.594523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.469903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.465251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.391481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.364796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.569027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.466151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.562278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.523424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.395990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.572566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.564987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.377282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.580302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.594523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.469903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.465251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.391481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.364796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.458984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.569027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.466151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.562278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.523424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99323.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94124.297468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93570.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92612.350604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89098.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92095.932292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102409.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92199.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104233.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92487.365591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93796.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93150.795918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95079.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93935.792808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92414.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92329.895868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108396.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92717.466942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 102931.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94100.485477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93442.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92991.523316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        91133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93589.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99817.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91943.493617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89477.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91989.921603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100332.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91657.809129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94021.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93507.996460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92943.537267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94588.808824                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95721.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 90541.028571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93449.558824                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92110.130435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 88920.417910                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92514.024691                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99323.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94124.297468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93570.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92820.077280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89098.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92453.347418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102409.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92199.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104233.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92487.365591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93796.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93150.795918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95079.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93572.438838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92414.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92443.026746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108396.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92717.466942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 102931.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94100.485477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93442.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92991.523316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        91133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93589.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99817.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91943.493617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89477.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92002.821151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100332.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91657.809129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94021.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93021.655063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92915.484922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99323.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94124.297468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93570.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92820.077280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89098.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92453.347418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102409.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92199.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104233.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92487.365591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93796.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93150.795918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95079.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93572.438838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92414.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92443.026746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108396.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92717.466942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 102931.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94100.485477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93442.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92991.523316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        91133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93589.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99817.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91943.493617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89477.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92002.821151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100332.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91657.809129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94021.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93021.655063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92915.484922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              497.436792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1491318.266402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.436792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.035956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.797174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6105659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6105659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6105659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6105659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6105659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6105659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169601.638889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169601.638889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169601.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169601.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169601.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169601.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4827240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4827240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4827240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4827240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4827240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4827240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172401.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172401.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172401.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172401.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172401.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172401.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             173011.519084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.119249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.880751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.559060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.440940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    157250726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157250726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1182702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1182702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    158433428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    158433428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    158433428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    158433428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125499.382283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125499.382283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84478.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84478.714286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125046.115233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125046.115233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125046.115233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125046.115233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     42182497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42182497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       198380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       198380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     42380877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42380877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     42380877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42380877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106521.457071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106521.457071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66126.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66126.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106217.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106217.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106217.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106217.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              509.458233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753891205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1452584.210019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.458233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.031183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         120068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        120068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6793558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6793558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6793558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6793558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6793558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6793558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       120104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       120104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188709.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188709.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188709.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 188709.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188709.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188709.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5508566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5508566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5508566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5508566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5508566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5508566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 189950.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189950.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 189950.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189950.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 189950.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189950.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125625941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             90639.207071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   189.538213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    66.461787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.740384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.259616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        91010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         91010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        73054                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73054                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       164064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         164064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       164064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        164064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    334429791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    334429791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     94344246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     94344246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    428774037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    428774037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    428774037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    428774037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        93483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73563                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73563                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       167046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       167046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006919                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006919                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 135232.426607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135232.426607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 185352.153242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185352.153242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 143787.403421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143787.403421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 143787.403421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143787.403421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    129820216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129820216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11474286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11474286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    141294502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    141294502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    141294502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    141294502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000952                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000952                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122471.901887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122471.901887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163918.371429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163918.371429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125039.382301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125039.382301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125039.382301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125039.382301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              510.334097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              753891274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1447008.203455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.334097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.032587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         120137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        120137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6697180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6697180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6697180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6697180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6697180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6697180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       120176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       120176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171722.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171722.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171722.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171722.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171722.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171722.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5308944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5308944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5308944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5308944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5308944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5308944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171256.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171256.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171256.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171256.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171256.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171256.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 1131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              125625775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             90573.738284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   189.596061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    66.403939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.740610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.259390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        90922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        72950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       163872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         163872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       163872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        163872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          480                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          480                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    339748551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    339748551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     87465261                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87465261                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    427213812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    427213812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    427213812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    427213812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        93434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        73430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       166864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       166864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.026885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.017931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.017931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135250.219347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135250.219347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 182219.293750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182219.293750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 142785.364973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142785.364973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 142785.364973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142785.364973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1861                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1861                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    129773880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129773880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10611729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10611729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    140385609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    140385609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    140385609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    140385609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000885                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000885                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121739.099437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121739.099437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163257.369231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163257.369231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124125.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124125.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124125.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124125.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.772721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750707669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1513523.526210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.772721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.022072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       123939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       123939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         123939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       123939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        123939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2951054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2951054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2951054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2951054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2951054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2951054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       123958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       123958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       123958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       123958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       123958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155318.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155318.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155318.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155318.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155318.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155318.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2463757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2463757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2463757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2463757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2463757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2463757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175982.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175982.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175982.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175982.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175982.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175982.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              118290230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             157930.881175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   160.895724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    95.104276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.628499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.371501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        85928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        71907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       157835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         157835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       157835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        157835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    208696786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    208696786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7624553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7624553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    216321339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    216321339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    216321339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    216321339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        87596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.019042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125117.977218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125117.977218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112125.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112125.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124609.066244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124609.066244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124609.066244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124609.066244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     51842962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51842962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     51842962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51842962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     51842962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51842962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105158.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105158.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105158.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105158.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105158.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105158.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.772103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750707740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1513523.669355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.772103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         124010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        124010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3232355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3232355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3232355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3232355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3232355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3232355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       124029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       124029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170123.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170123.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170123.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170123.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170123.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170123.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2562926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2562926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2562926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2562926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2562926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2562926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183066.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183066.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183066.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183066.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183066.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183066.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              118290274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             157930.939920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   160.758029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    95.241971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.627961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.372039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        85993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        71886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         157879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        157879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    212113905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    212113905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7374857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7374857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    219488762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    219488762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    219488762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    219488762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        87683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.019274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125511.186391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125511.186391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108453.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108453.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124851.400455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124851.400455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124851.400455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124851.400455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51714852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51714852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51714852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51714852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51714852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51714852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104898.279919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104898.279919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104898.279919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104898.279919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104898.279919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104898.279919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              467.056846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753574994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1560196.674948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.056846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.019322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         125653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        125653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6107175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6107175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6107175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6107175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6107175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6107175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       125692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       125692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156594.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156594.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156594.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156594.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156594.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156594.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4628598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4628598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4628598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4628598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4628598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4628598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165307.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165307.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165307.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165307.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165307.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165307.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              109420520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             168598.644068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   141.581243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   114.418757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.553052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.446948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        98226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        72201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       170427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         170427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       170427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        170427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    114009391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114009391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1338414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1338414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    115347805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    115347805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    115347805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    115347805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        99222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       171435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       171435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114467.260040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114467.260040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111534.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111534.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114432.346230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114432.346230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114432.346230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114432.346230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     40837398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40837398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       265285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       265285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     41102683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41102683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     41102683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41102683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104711.276923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104711.276923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 88428.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88428.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104586.979644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104586.979644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104586.979644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104586.979644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              507.429840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753890909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1463865.842718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    17.429840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.027932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       119772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       119772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         119772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       119772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        119772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5957062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5957062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5957062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5957062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5957062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5957062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       119805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       119805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       119805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       119805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       119805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 180517.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180517.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 180517.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180517.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 180517.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180517.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4495497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4495497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4495497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4495497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4495497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4495497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179819.880000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179819.880000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179819.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179819.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179819.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179819.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125625663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             90835.620390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   189.386605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    66.613395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.739791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.260209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        90907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        72876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       163783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         163783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       163783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        163783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         3009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         3009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    338574400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    338574400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     93201874                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     93201874                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    431776274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    431776274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    431776274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    431776274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        93400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        73392                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73392                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       166792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       166792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.007031                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007031                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.018040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.018040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 135810.028079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135810.028079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 180623.786822                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180623.786822                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 143494.939847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143494.939847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 143494.939847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143494.939847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1882                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    130647213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130647213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11403936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11403936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    142051149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142051149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    142051149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142051149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000981                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000981                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123836.220853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123836.220853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       158388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       158388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126043.610470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126043.610470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126043.610470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126043.610470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              508.345486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              753890986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1461029.042636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.345486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.029400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         119849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        119849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4856003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4856003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4856003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4856003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4856003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4856003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       119879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       119879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161866.766667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161866.766667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161866.766667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161866.766667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161866.766667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161866.766667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4216134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4216134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4216134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4216134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4216134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4216134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       162159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       162159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       162159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 1132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              125625477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             90508.268732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   189.594140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    66.405860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.740602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.259398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        90781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        72819                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72819                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       163600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         163600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       163600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        163600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         3019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         3019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    338502164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    338502164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92876375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     92876375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    431378539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    431378539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    431378539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    431378539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        93284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73335                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73335                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       166619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       166619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.026832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.007036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.018119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.018119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 135238.579305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135238.579305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 179992.974806                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179992.974806                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 142887.889699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142887.889699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 142887.889699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142887.889699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    131407232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131407232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11315668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11315668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    142722900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142722900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    142722900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142722900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000968                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123852.245052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123852.245052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 159375.605634                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159375.605634                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126080.300353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126080.300353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126080.300353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126080.300353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              539.889846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              647141659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1196195.303142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.889846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         124587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        124587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3073405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3073405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3073405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3073405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3073405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3073405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       124604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       124604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 180788.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180788.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 180788.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180788.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 180788.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180788.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2687968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2687968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2687968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2687968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2687968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2687968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179197.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179197.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179197.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179197.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179197.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179197.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              151389672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             196609.963636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   132.144543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   123.855457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.516190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.483810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       177477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       212884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         212884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       212884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        212884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    219295266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    219295266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    219295266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    219295266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    219295266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    219295266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       179361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       214768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       214768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116398.761146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116398.761146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116398.761146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116398.761146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116398.761146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116398.761146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1369                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1369                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     58101781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58101781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     58101781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58101781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     58101781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58101781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112818.992233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112818.992233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112818.992233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112818.992233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112818.992233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112818.992233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              539.997679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              647141658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1196195.301294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.997679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.022432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         124586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        124586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3080496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3080496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3080496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3080496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3080496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3080496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       124603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       124603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181205.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181205.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181205.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181205.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181205.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181205.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2691882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2691882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2691882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2691882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2691882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2691882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179458.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179458.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179458.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179458.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179458.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179458.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              151390078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             195594.416021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   132.357939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   123.642061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.517023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.482977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       177881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       213290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         213290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       213290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        213290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    220412015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    220412015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    220412015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    220412015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    220412015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    220412015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       179760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       215169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       215169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       215169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       215169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117302.828632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117302.828632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117302.828632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117302.828632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117302.828632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117302.828632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58545001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58545001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58545001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58545001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58545001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58545001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113021.237452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113021.237452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113021.237452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113021.237452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113021.237452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113021.237452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              495.772428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750707677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1513523.542339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.772428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.022071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       123947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       123947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         123947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       123947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        123947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2849219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2849219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2849219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2849219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2849219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2849219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       123966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       123966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       123966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       123966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       123966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149958.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149958.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149958.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149958.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149958.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149958.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2303079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2303079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2303079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2303079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2303079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2303079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164505.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164505.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164505.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164505.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164505.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164505.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              118290165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             157930.794393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   160.775147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    95.224853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.628028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.371972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        85936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        71835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       157771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         157771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       157771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        157771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    212886426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    212886426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6946338                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6946338                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    219832764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    219832764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    219832764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    219832764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        87626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71903                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       159529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       159529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.019287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 125968.299408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125968.299408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102152.029412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102152.029412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 125047.078498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125047.078498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 125047.078498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125047.078498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52260563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52260563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52260563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52260563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52260563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52260563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106005.198783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106005.198783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106005.198783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106005.198783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106005.198783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106005.198783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              466.711347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              753574958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1569947.829167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    11.711347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.018768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.747935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         125617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        125617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5395187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5395187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5395187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5395187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5395187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5395187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       125650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       125650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163490.515152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163490.515152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163490.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163490.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163490.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163490.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4204746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4204746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4204746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4204746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4204746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4204746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168189.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168189.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168189.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168189.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168189.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168189.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              109420861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             169120.341577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   141.617684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   114.382316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.553194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.446806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        98479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        72286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       170765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         170765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       170765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        170765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    113158206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113158206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       357236                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       357236                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    113515442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    113515442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    113515442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    113515442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        99477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        72291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       171768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       171768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113384.975952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113384.975952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 71447.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71447.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113175.914257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113175.914257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113175.914257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113175.914257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     40338990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40338990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       139087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       139087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     40478077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40478077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     40478077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40478077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103433.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103433.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 69543.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69543.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103260.400510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103260.400510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103260.400510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103260.400510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              540.027938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              647141687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1196195.354898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.027938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.022481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         124615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        124615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2876388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2876388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2876388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2876388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2876388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2876388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       124632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       124632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169199.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169199.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169199.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169199.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169199.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169199.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2550336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2550336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2550336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2550336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2550336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2550336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170022.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170022.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170022.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170022.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170022.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170022.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  511                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              151390188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             197379.645372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   131.902761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   124.097239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.515245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.484755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       177891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35505                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35505                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       213396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         213396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       213396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        213396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    217807823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217807823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    217807823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    217807823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    217807823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    217807823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       179784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        35505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       215289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       215289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       215289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       215289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115059.600106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115059.600106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115059.600106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115059.600106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115059.600106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115059.600106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56752457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56752457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56752457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56752457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56752457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56752457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110844.642578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110844.642578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110844.642578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110844.642578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110844.642578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110844.642578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              508.121616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753891379                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1461029.804264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.121616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.029041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         120242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        120242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5483120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5483120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5483120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5483120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5483120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5483120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       120273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       120273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176874.838710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176874.838710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176874.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176874.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176874.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176874.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4556373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4556373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4556373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4556373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4556373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4556373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175245.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175245.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175245.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175245.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175245.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175245.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 1130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              125626190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             90639.386724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   189.633757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    66.366243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.740757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.259243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        91152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         91152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        73160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       164312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         164312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       164312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        164312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         3007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         3007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    332335058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    332335058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     92884580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     92884580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    425219638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    425219638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    425219638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    425219638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        93643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        73676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       167319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       167319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.026601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.007004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 133414.314733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133414.314733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 180008.875969                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180008.875969                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 141409.922847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141409.922847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 141409.922847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141409.922847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    126873131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126873131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11379751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11379751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    138252882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    138252882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    138252882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    138252882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000977                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000977                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119917.893195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119917.893195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 158052.097222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158052.097222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122347.683186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122347.683186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122347.683186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122347.683186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              539.889200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              647141729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1196195.432532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.889200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.022258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         124657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        124657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3007093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3007093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3007093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3007093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3007093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3007093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       124674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       124674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176887.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176887.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176887.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176887.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176887.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176887.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2595510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2595510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2595510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2595510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2595510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2595510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       173034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       173034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       173034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  517                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151389889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             195847.204398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   132.109660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   123.890340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.516053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.483947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       177692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       213101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         213101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       213101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        213101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    219807605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    219807605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    219807605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    219807605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    219807605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    219807605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       179593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       215002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       215002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       215002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       215002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115627.356654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115627.356654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115627.356654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115627.356654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115627.356654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115627.356654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     57984250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57984250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     57984250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57984250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     57984250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57984250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112155.222437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112155.222437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112155.222437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112155.222437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112155.222437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112155.222437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              508.648557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753891227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1455388.469112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.648557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.029886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       120090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       120090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         120090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       120090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        120090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6182665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6182665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6182665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6182665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6182665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6182665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       120125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       120125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       120125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       120125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       120125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 176647.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176647.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 176647.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176647.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 176647.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176647.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5022873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5022873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5022873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5022873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5022873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5022873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179388.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179388.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179388.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179388.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179388.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179388.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 1124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125625904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             91033.263768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   189.487079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    66.512921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.740184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.259816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        90974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        73026                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73026                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       164000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         164000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       164000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        164000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         3020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         3020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    338069679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    338069679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     90498513                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     90498513                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    428568192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    428568192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    428568192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    428568192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        93485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        73535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       167020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       167020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.026860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.018082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.018082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 134635.475508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134635.475508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 177796.685658                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177796.685658                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 141909.997351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141909.997351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 141909.997351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141909.997351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1896                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1896                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    128118628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128118628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10908800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10908800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    139027428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    139027428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    139027428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    139027428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000938                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000938                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121439.457820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121439.457820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 158098.550725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158098.550725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123689.882562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123689.882562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123689.882562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123689.882562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
