
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001075                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1075336665                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398803687920                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 281148                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   370274                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  26062                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67760100                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41260.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11600372876                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15277763287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        14208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        46336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               401536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       151552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            151552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1184                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1184                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     57016562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     15474224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20354556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20592621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13212606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20592621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     15355191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     43327826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     15474224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     43089761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     15474224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20354556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               373404919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           33805227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         140934467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              140934467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         140934467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     57016562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     15474224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20354556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20592621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13212606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20592621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     15355191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     43327826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     15474224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     43089761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     15474224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20354556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              514339386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23749                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944254                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1232433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       166542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20756                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2153985     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15616      0.65%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19657      0.82%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31421      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12656      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16816      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19403      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9104      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131546      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.087156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.477920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1936317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       179327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34134                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1505793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1938765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       168223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1495587                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2089514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6949969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6949969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         370662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141676                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72398                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388655                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416290                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1823253     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266243     11.05%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110340      4.58%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61529      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82819      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25965      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25442      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13512      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1101      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9713     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1351     10.97%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169777     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18827      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127866      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72015      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388655                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.538500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5201650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350849                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29968                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141676                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72398                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25050                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192497                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2172437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372404                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227168                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21811                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1848616     77.98%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264990     11.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95900      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47710      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43776      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18442      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18227      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8723      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24306      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3805644                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                168542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.578733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.578733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.387787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.387787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6132080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1390866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2576570                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         150322                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122599                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16089                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63211                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56801                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          726                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1452001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts               888357                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            150322                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        71727                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              182217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         50559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       158339                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines           90876                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16047                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      1826443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.591475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1644226     90.02%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           9602      0.53%     90.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          15338      0.84%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          22924      1.26%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4           9474      0.52%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          11230      0.61%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          11872      0.65%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8249      0.45%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          93528      5.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      1826443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.058342                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.344783                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1433628                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       177312                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          180809                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1092                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        33601                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        24339                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1076615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        33601                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1437396                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         66920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        98930                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          178187                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        11406                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1073573                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          894                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1469599                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5002751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5002751                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1205127                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         264258                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          232                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           33217                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       109246                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        60079                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2945                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        11473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1069384                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          231                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued          996413                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1872                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       166179                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       386923                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1826443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1401024     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172580      9.45%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95897      5.25%     91.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62881      3.44%     94.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56753      3.11%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17556      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12511      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4390      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2851      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1826443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           284     12.39%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          907     39.56%     51.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1102     48.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       820287     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18314      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98963      9.93%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58740      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total       996413                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.386721                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2293                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3823434                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1235856                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       977593                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses       998706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4687                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23975                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4297                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          789                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        33601                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         54669                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1220                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1069615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          431                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109246                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60079                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          123                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          647                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8537                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9981                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        18518                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts       981506                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93634                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             152254                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         133166                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            58620                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.380935                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent               977696                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count              977593                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          579439                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1467464                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.379416                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394857                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       721875                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       880280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       189999                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16339                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1792842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1435338     80.06%     80.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170468      9.51%     89.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70669      3.94%     93.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36341      2.03%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26822      1.50%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15477      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9514      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8010      0.45%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20203      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1792842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       721875                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       880280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               141028                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads               85256                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           122234                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          795870                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        17171                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        20203                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            2842918                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2174360                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 25977                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                750127                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            721875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              880280                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       721875                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.569274                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.569274                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.280169                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.280169                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        4454507                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1336994                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1020011                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         195259                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160057                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20865                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80552                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74263                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19705                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1866976                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1115806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            195259                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        93968                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              244071                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         60228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       140197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          116748                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20787                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2290157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2046086     89.34%     89.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          25923      1.13%     90.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          30135      1.32%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          16563      0.72%     92.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          18756      0.82%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          10746      0.47%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7393      0.32%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          19190      0.84%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         115365      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2290157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075719                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.432693                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1851212                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       156509                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          241742                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2115                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        38575                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        31615                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1361936                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        38575                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1854640                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         16646                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       130969                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          240311                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1360213                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1892124                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6330225                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6330225                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1583323                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         308801                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           26230                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       130606                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        69572                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        15280                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1356020                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1272320                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1810                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187837                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438614                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2290157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.555560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.250706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1755974     76.67%     76.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213865      9.34%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115661      5.05%     91.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79411      3.47%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70401      3.07%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35910      1.57%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9028      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5678      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4229      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2290157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1298     44.77%     56.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1271     43.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1065914     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19784      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117418      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69050      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1272320                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.493387                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2899                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002279                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4839506                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1544232                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1249052                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1275219                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3174                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25852                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1835                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          135                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        38575                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         12314                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1356363                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130606                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69572                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          677                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11330                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12202                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        23532                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1251904                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109904                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             178924                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         174190                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            69020                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.485470                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1249127                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1249052                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          743564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1950586                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.484364                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381200                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929321                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1140276                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216098                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        20821                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2251582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1786027     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215947      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90482      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54108      2.40%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37436      1.66%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24445      1.09%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12974      0.58%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10076      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20087      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2251582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       929321                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1140276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               172491                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              104754                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           163163                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1028054                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        23211                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        20087                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3587869                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2751326                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 30580                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                288589                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            929321                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1140276                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       929321                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.774871                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.774871                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.360377                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.360377                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5645103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1736500                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1268393                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         184197                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16865                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       112954                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         109875                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12037                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          533                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1886856                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1045104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            184197                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       121912                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              230388                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         54766                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        58533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          116141                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16401                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2213590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.536535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.800287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1983202     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          32352      1.46%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          19242      0.87%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          31713      1.43%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          11913      0.54%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          29093      1.31%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           5216      0.24%     95.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9592      0.43%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8          91267      4.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2213590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.071429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.405276                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1872310                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        73769                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          229767                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        37462                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        19412                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          351                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1183509                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1393                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        37462                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1874291                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         46209                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        21932                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          227872                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         5820                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1181037                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1007                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1565617                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5376580                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5376580                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1234255                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         331269                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           15613                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       199127                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        37312                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          353                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8420                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1172552                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1086046                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233906                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       495804                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2213590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.490627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.117342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1741918     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       154501      6.98%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       147849      6.68%     92.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88595      4.00%     96.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50798      2.29%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13728      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15496      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          386      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          319      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2213590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2183     59.48%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          821     22.37%     81.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          666     18.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       860754     79.26%     79.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9257      0.85%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       179097     16.49%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36854      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1086046                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.421153                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3670                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003379                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4390548                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1406632                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1055070                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1089716                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1016                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45497                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1265                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        37462                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         40538                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          751                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1172716                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           57                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       199127                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37312                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9927                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7960                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        17887                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1069076                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       175608                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             212449                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         160353                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            36841                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.414572                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1055487                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1055070                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          635597                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1446057                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.409141                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.439538                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       821031                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps       936202                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236459                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        16596                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2176128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1820885     83.68%     83.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143898      6.61%     90.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87539      4.02%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28958      1.33%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45110      2.07%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9825      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6432      0.30%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5653      0.26%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27828      1.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2176128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       821031                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps       936202                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               189629                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              153601                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           142438                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          821824                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        12823                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        27828                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3320961                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2382905                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 42956                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                365156                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            821031                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps              936202                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       821031                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.140863                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.140863                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.318384                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.318384                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        4943684                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1390566                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1229746                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         185019                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162672                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16871                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       113291                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         110109                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12134                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          542                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1891921                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1049259                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            185019                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       122243                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              231209                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         54783                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        71319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          116447                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16405                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2232271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.534294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.797240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2001062     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          32419      1.45%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          19282      0.86%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          31837      1.43%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          11918      0.53%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          29127      1.30%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5223      0.23%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9675      0.43%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          91728      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2232271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.071748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.406887                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1877116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        86822                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          230576                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          285                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        37468                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        19568                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          354                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1188465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1403                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        37468                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1879102                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         51103                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        29953                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          228698                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         5943                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1185982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          997                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1572999                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5399219                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5399219                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1241345                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         331647                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           15972                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       199526                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        37617                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          373                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8478                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1177569                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1091205                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1185                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233994                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       495401                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2232271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.115882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1758278     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       155566      6.97%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148324      6.64%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88924      3.98%     96.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51043      2.29%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13804      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15622      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          385      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          325      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2232271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2187     59.35%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          826     22.42%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          672     18.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       865063     79.28%     79.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9333      0.86%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           85      0.01%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       179577     16.46%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        37147      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1091205                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.423153                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3685                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003377                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4419551                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1411741                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1060208                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1094890                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1005                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45475                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1278                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        37468                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         45450                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          777                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1177737                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           51                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       199526                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37617                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9901                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7983                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        17884                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1074310                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176118                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16895                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             213253                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         161149                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            37135                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.416602                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1060656                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1060208                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          638791                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1454002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.411133                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.439333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       825165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps       941215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236551                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        16601                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2194803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1837402     83.72%     83.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144938      6.60%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88098      4.01%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29133      1.33%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45222      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9862      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6491      0.30%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5718      0.26%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27939      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2194803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       825165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps       941215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               190385                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              154048                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           143131                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          826331                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12910                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        27939                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3344630                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2393031                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 43039                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                346475                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            825165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              941215                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       825165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.125128                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.125128                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.319987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.319987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        4967062                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1398129                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1234515                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         224556                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186866                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21823                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84465                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79771                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23729                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1942596                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1231366                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            224556                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       103500                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              255990                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         61734                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       165488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          121966                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20742                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2154312     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          15601      0.65%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          19632      0.81%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          31400      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12643      0.52%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          16801      0.70%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          19384      0.80%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9097      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         131432      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2410302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.087080                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.477506                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1937726                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       178270                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          254692                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          119                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        39489                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        34103                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1504463                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        39489                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1940174                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          5330                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       167163                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          252333                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         5808                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1494257                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2087724                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6943695                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6943695                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1717297                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         370413                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           21247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       141532                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        72322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        16013                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457635                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1387404                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195442                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416010                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1823892     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       265998     11.04%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110229      4.57%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61476      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82736      3.43%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25951      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25417      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13505      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1098      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9703     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1351     10.98%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1168745     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18819      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127731      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71939      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1387404                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.538015                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12308                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5199236                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1653453                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1349628                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1399712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          937                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29944                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        39489                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          4038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457993                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141532                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12043                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12728                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24771                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362369                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125191                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             197091                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         192321                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            71900                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528307                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1349659                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1349628                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          808298                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2170328                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.523366                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372431                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999096                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230973                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227023                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21797                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1849203     78.00%     78.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264768     11.17%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95800      4.04%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47669      2.01%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43738      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18426      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18220      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8716      0.37%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24273      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       999096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1230973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               182419                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              111588                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           178481                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1108189                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        25401                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        24273                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3804523                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2955487                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 30899                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                168444                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            999096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1230973                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       999096                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.581079                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.581079                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.387435                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.387435                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6126485                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1888031                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1389633                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         199253                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162994                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21302                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76229                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20227                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          969                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1915157                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1113779                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            199253                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        96456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              231153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         58446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       105518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          118740                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21173                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2288732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2057579     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          10624      0.46%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          16646      0.73%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          22658      0.99%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          23676      1.03%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          20180      0.88%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          10704      0.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          17102      0.75%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         109563      4.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2288732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077267                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.431907                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1895793                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       125327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          230597                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        36671                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        32640                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1364742                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        36671                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1901299                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         20706                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        92471                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          225459                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12122                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1363735                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5280                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1904747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6338925                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6338925                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1624028                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         280709                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          328                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           37697                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       128324                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        68313                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          779                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        32528                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1361175                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          329                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1285165                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       164606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397229                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2288732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.246782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1732725     75.71%     75.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       238176     10.41%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118406      5.17%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80775      3.53%     94.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64272      2.81%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26900      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17290      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8980      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1208      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2288732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          853     37.15%     49.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1165     50.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1081593     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19061      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116343      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68009      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1285165                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.498368                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2296                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001787                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4861644                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1526123                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1263813                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1287461                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2556                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22793                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1207                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        36671                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         17880                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1187                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1361511                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128324                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68313                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1003                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11530                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12566                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24096                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1265799                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109405                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             177393                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         179699                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            67988                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.490858                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1263887                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1263813                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          726639                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1956411                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.490088                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371414                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       946491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1164681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       196833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21345                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2252061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1763271     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       247805     11.00%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88321      3.92%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42200      1.87%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42646      1.89%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21105      0.94%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13992      0.62%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8195      0.36%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24526      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2252061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       946491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1164681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               172635                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              105529                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           167934                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1049363                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        23979                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24526                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3589036                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2759715                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 30884                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                290014                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            946491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1164681                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       946491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.724533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.724533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.367035                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.367035                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5693936                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1763163                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1264847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         224527                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186841                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21822                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79760                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23728                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1942342                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1231224                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            224527                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       103488                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              255959                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         61730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       164186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3604                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          121954                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20739                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2149902     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          15597      0.65%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19629      0.82%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          31399      1.31%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          12640      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          16798      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          19381      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9097      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         131418      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2405861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.087068                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.477451                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1934619                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       176970                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          254661                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          119                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39486                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34099                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1504293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39486                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1937068                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          5328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       165864                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          252301                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         5809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1494084                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2087493                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6942898                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6942898                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1717088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         370375                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           21247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       141517                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        72314                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16013                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457463                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1387239                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195424                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       415964                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1819522     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       265967     11.05%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110218      4.58%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61467      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82716      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25959      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25410      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13500      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1102      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9701     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1352     10.99%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1168598     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18819      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127720      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71932      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1387239                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.537951                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12307                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5194463                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1653263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1349463                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1399546                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          937                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29941                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39486                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457821                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141517                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72314                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12043                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362203                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125180                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             197072                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         192292                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            71892                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528242                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1349494                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1349463                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          808204                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2170053                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.523302                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372435                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230815                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227005                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21796                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2366375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1844832     77.96%     77.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264734     11.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95786      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47663      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43733      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18428      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18214      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8716      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24269      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2366375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       998966                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1230815                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               182399                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              111576                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           178452                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1108054                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25399                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        24269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3799913                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2955140                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 30896                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                172885                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            998966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1230815                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       998966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.581415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.581415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.387384                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.387384                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6125767                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1887805                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1389479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         184918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162610                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       113256                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         110162                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12101                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          537                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1892973                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1049166                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            184918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       122263                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              231245                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         54975                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        66137                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          116534                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16479                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2228302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.535151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1997057     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          32434      1.46%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19345      0.87%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          31774      1.43%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          11982      0.54%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          29152      1.31%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           5240      0.24%     95.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9641      0.43%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          91677      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2228302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.071708                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.406851                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1878309                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        81489                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          230623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          282                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        37595                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        19537                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          352                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1188343                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1395                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        37595                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1880300                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         52274                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        23556                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          228726                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         5847                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1185874                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1572612                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5399088                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5399088                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1240092                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         332487                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           15695                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       199536                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        37539                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8456                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1177355                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1090576                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1199                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       234683                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497477                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2228302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.116436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1754637     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       155421      6.97%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148176      6.65%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88909      3.99%     96.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        51050      2.29%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13806      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15595      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          388      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          320      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2228302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2196     59.54%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          822     22.29%     81.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          670     18.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       864628     79.28%     79.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9303      0.85%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           85      0.01%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       179467     16.46%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        37093      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1090576                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.422909                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3688                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003382                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4414340                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1412216                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1059494                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1094264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1026                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45573                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1267                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        37595                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         46580                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          756                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1177523                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           57                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       199536                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37539                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          424                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9969                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8001                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        17970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1073511                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       175965                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17064                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             213046                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         160974                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            37081                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.416292                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1059913                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1059494                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          638229                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1453426                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.410856                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.439120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       824451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       940305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237244                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16670                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2190707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1833738     83.71%     83.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144725      6.61%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87929      4.01%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29079      1.33%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45290      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9867      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6474      0.30%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5694      0.26%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27911      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2190707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       824451                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       940305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               190232                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              153960                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           143005                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          825505                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12888                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        27911                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3340345                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2392733                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 43066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                350444                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            824451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              940305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       824451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.127834                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.127834                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.319710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.319710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        4963621                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1396875                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1234316                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2578738                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         194374                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159315                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20838                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80146                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74301                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19681                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          916                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1863594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1111398                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            194374                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        93982                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              243195                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         59847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       152488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          116517                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20744                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2297851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.592171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2054656     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          25550      1.11%     90.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          30139      1.31%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          16700      0.73%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          18880      0.82%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          10646      0.46%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7490      0.33%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          19218      0.84%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         114572      4.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2297851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075376                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.430985                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1848254                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       168374                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          241178                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        38236                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        31460                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1356451                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1834                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        38236                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1851421                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         15608                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       144322                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          239732                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8528                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1354906                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1884642                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6306546                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6306546                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1579504                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         305138                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          344                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           24847                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       129950                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        69433                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1642                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        15234                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1350955                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1268544                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1784                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186129                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432179                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           36                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2297851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.247172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1764762     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214146      9.32%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114682      4.99%     91.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79478      3.46%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70171      3.05%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35977      1.57%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8614      0.37%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5821      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4200      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2297851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.42%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1292     44.72%     56.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1267     43.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1062670     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19773      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117014      9.22%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68933      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1268544                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.491924                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2889                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002277                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4839612                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1537463                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1245753                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1271433                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3248                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25432                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1841                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          111                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        38236                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         11417                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          963                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1351302                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          434                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129950                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69433                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          660                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12061                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        23525                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1248535                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109589                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20009                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             178499                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         173651                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            68910                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.484165                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1245824                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1245753                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          741778                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1944920                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.483086                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381393                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       927116                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1137568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213738                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        20804                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2259615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1795114     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215530      9.54%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90220      3.99%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53926      2.39%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37521      1.66%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24320      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12854      0.57%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10028      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20102      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2259615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       927116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1137568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               172110                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              104518                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           162783                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1025618                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23160                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        20102                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3590819                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2740852                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 30525                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                280887                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            927116                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1137568                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       927116                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.781462                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.781462                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.359523                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.359523                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5630364                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1731836                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1263693                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         170391                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153431                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10785                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63385                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58796                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9216                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          494                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1793025                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1068466                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            170391                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        68012                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              210505                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         34484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       305185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          104634                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10663                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2332165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.538326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.836842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2121660     90.97%     90.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           7358      0.32%     91.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          15231      0.65%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           6275      0.27%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          34300      1.47%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          31084      1.33%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5638      0.24%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          12580      0.54%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          98039      4.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2332165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.066075                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.414335                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1770792                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       327834                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          209544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          747                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        23242                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        15028                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1252325                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        23242                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1774052                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        289254                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        29026                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          207364                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         9221                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1250444                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         4389                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         3212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           85                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1475649                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5883505                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5883505                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1268186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         207457                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          152                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           23609                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       292266                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       146398                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1330                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         7088                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1245790                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          152                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1184598                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          984                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       120142                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       295380                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2332165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.507939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.295226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1905543     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130569      5.60%     87.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105495      4.52%     91.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        46147      1.98%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57127      2.45%     96.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53065      2.28%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30214      1.30%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2559      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1446      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2332165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2949     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22289     85.98%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          685      2.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       746143     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10321      0.87%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       282318     23.83%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       145746     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1184598                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.459370                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25923                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4728268                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1366138                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1172173                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1210521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1988                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15350                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        23242                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        282539                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2706                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1245942                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       292266                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       146398                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1626                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        12363                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1174705                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       281281                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             426996                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         153520                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           145715                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.455533                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1172280                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1172173                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          634758                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1257486                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.454552                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.504783                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       942170                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1107129                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138934                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        10784                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.479500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.292650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1904720     82.49%     82.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149329      6.47%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69240      3.00%     91.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68228      2.95%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18880      0.82%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        77488      3.36%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6158      0.27%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4312      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10568      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       942170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1107129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               421742                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              276913                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           146115                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          984555                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        10568                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3544418                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2515388                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 39683                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                246581                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            942170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1107129                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       942170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.737028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.737028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.365360                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.365360                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5800596                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1365914                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1482399                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         195193                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160002                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20858                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74228                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19699                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1866364                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1115497                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            195193                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        93927                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              243984                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         60216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       143868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          116720                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20789                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2293115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.595626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2049131     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          25908      1.13%     90.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          30116      1.31%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          16555      0.72%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          18747      0.82%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          10744      0.47%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7402      0.32%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          19183      0.84%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         115329      5.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2293115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075693                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.432573                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1850597                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       160184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          241658                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2111                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        38561                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        31604                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1361522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        38561                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1854023                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         14420                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       136878                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          240218                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         9011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1359794                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1891491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6328186                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6328186                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1582695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         308796                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           26251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       130569                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        69551                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        15280                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1355538                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1271879                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1803                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187814                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438473                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2293115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.554651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1759060     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213829      9.32%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115621      5.04%     91.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79501      3.47%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70280      3.06%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35894      1.57%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9024      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5677      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4229      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2293115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1303     44.87%     56.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1271     43.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1065515     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19784      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117394      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69032      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1271879                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.493216                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2904                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002283                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4841580                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1543727                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1248605                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1274783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3177                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25854                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          142                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        38561                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         10112                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1355880                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130569                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69551                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          677                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11326                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12198                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        23524                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1251469                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109880                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             178882                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         174116                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            69002                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.485301                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1248680                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1248605                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          743297                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1949828                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.484191                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381212                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       928963                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1139836                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216055                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        20815                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2254554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1789205     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215834      9.57%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90440      4.01%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54090      2.40%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37423      1.66%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24440      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12972      0.58%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10072      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20078      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2254554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       928963                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1139836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               172434                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              104715                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           163090                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1027670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        23205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        20078                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3590367                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2750346                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 30577                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                285631                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            928963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1139836                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       928963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.775940                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.775940                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.360238                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.360238                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5643128                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1735850                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1268045                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         170484                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153540                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10790                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        64911                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58885                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          492                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1794588                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1069384                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            170484                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        68145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              210718                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         34383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       303341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          104733                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10666                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2331993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.538819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.837406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2121275     90.96%     90.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           7371      0.32%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          15192      0.65%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           6298      0.27%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          34433      1.48%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          31074      1.33%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           5709      0.24%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          12611      0.54%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          98030      4.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2331993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.066111                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.414691                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1776115                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       322236                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          209786                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          712                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        23138                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        15008                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1253351                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        23138                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1779117                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        283235                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        30017                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          207711                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         8769                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1251424                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         4152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           84                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1476185                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5888718                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5888718                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1269733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         206440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           81                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22012                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       292836                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       146681                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1363                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         7080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1246791                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1186082                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          956                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119317                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       293090                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2331993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.508613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.298112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1906013     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130101      5.58%     87.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105337      4.52%     91.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45253      1.94%     93.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56972      2.44%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53719      2.30%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30571      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2577      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1450      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2331993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2963     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22614     86.08%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          694      2.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       746722     62.96%     62.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10314      0.87%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       282917     23.85%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146059     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1186082                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.459945                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26271                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4731384                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1366313                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1173634                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1212353                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2020                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15243                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1512                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        23138                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        277155                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2248                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1246942                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       292836                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       146681                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           81                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1402                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5504                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6862                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        12366                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1176165                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       281897                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             427930                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         153686                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           146033                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.456100                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1173745                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1173634                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          635408                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1257401                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.455118                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.505334                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       943653                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1108813                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138237                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        10787                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1904625     82.49%     82.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       148916      6.45%     88.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69446      3.01%     91.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68283      2.96%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18412      0.80%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78073      3.38%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6184      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4289      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10627      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       943653                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1108813                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               422755                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              277586                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           146316                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          986038                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        10627                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3545278                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2517262                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 39970                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                246753                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            943653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1108813                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       943653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.732727                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.732727                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.365935                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.365935                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5808791                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1367145                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1484260                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         195329                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160067                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80641                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74336                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19736                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1867847                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1115906                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            195329                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        94072                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              244156                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         60166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       145794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          116741                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20745                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2296688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.595033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2052532     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          25939      1.13%     90.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          30148      1.31%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          16582      0.72%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          18766      0.82%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          10764      0.47%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7348      0.32%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          19219      0.84%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         115390      5.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2296688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075746                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432732                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1852247                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       161943                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          241825                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2116                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        38553                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        31658                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1362278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        38553                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1855678                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         15185                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       137923                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          240442                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         8903                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1360491                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1892696                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6332006                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6332006                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1584380                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         308300                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           25927                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       130624                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        69629                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15289                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1356614                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1273030                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1813                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187573                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       437890                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2296688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.554289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1762153     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214039      9.32%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115735      5.04%     91.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79486      3.46%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70396      3.07%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35932      1.56%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9039      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5679      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4229      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2296688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1303     44.88%     56.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1270     43.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1066507     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19789      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117473      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69107      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1273030                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.493662                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2903                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002280                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4847464                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1544562                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1249795                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1275933                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3175                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25772                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1839                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           81                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        38553                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         10957                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1356957                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130624                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69629                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          677                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11341                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12205                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        23546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1252605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             179033                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         174343                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            69077                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.485742                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1249870                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1249795                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          743984                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1951692                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.484652                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381199                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929952                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1141105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       215850                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        20835                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2258135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1792216     79.37%     79.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216131      9.57%     88.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90543      4.01%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54151      2.40%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37471      1.66%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24462      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12982      0.57%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10083      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20096      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2258135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       929952                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1141105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               172638                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              104848                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           163301                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1028820                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        23243                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        20096                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3594994                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2752479                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 30553                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                282058                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            929952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1141105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       929952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.772988                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.772988                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.360622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.360622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5648498                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1737469                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1268635                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         183714                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161647                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16819                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       112764                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         109694                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11977                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          530                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1882353                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1042517                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            183714                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       121671                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              229806                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         54635                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        67363                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          115862                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16358                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2217250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.534194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.796609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1987444     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          32299      1.46%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          19173      0.86%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31662      1.43%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          11867      0.54%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          29051      1.31%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5195      0.23%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9555      0.43%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          91004      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2217250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.071242                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.404273                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1867830                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        82570                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          229185                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          282                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        37379                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        19319                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1180322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1387                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        37379                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1869809                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         52074                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        24885                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          227298                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         5801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1177836                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1561227                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5361712                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5361712                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1230737                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         330479                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           15556                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       198795                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        37146                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          343                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8373                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1169384                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1083113                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1195                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233384                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494772                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2217250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.115256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1746841     78.78%     78.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153976      6.94%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       147589      6.66%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88401      3.99%     96.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50624      2.28%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13676      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15440      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          384      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          319      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2217250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2172     59.46%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          816     22.34%     81.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          665     18.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       858300     79.24%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9217      0.85%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       178806     16.51%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36706      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1083113                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.420015                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3653                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003373                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4388324                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1402942                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052227                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1086766                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1015                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45432                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1257                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        37379                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         46422                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          746                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1169548                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198795                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37146                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          417                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9899                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7942                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        17841                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1066214                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       175336                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16899                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             212030                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         159932                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            36694                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.413462                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1052647                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1052227                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          633970                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1441574                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.408038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.439776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       818994                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       933653                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235932                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16552                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2179871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825694     83.75%     83.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143384      6.58%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87310      4.01%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28872      1.32%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45016      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9782      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6409      0.29%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5627      0.26%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27777      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2179871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       818994                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       933653                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               189250                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              153361                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           142060                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          819508                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        12758                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        27777                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3321679                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2376578                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 42856                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                361496                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            818994                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              933653                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       818994                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.148675                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.148675                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.317594                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.317594                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        4930824                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1386666                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1226810                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         200311                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21345                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80236                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76334                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20192                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          956                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1922767                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1120717                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            200311                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        96526                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              232373                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         58938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        98279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles          657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          119202                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21218                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2291468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2059095     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          10790      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          16658      0.73%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          22661      0.99%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          23822      1.04%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          20262      0.88%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          10575      0.46%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          17082      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         110523      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2291468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077678                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.434598                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1903911                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       118270                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          231808                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          355                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        37120                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        32877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1372741                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        37120                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1909458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         18638                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        87251                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          226616                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        12381                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1371626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1915606                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6374795                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6374795                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1631464                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         284133                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          330                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           38721                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       128870                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        68676                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          823                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        31805                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1369137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1291567                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       166911                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       403964                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2291468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1732945     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239040     10.43%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119243      5.20%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81045      3.54%     94.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64288      2.81%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27048      1.18%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17745      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8868      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1246      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2291468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     12.03%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          856     37.04%     49.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1177     50.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1087152     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19158      1.48%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116697      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68400      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1291567                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.500851                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2311                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4877198                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1536395                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1270054                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1293878                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2763                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22883                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1277                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        37120                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         15705                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1369476                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128870                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68676                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          963                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11525                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12657                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24182                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1272156                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             178305                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         180478                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            68385                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.493323                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1270122                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1270054                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          730180                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1966283                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.492508                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371350                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       950844                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1169924                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       199548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21390                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2254348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1763456     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       248701     11.03%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88814      3.94%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42502      1.89%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42752      1.90%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21215      0.94%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14037      0.62%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8184      0.36%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24687      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2254348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       950844                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1169924                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               173380                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              105981                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           168675                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1054087                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        24078                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24687                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3599120                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2776078                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 30989                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                287278                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            950844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1169924                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       950844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.712060                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.712060                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.368723                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.368723                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5722171                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1771614                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1272487                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.880725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.880725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    16.741531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    38.134612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1950.123857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.008175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.018620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.952209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     153277285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      153277285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     153277285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.430556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.193878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.430556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.193878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929971.430556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476251.193878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          497                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2044.998458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          86606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        34.070024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks         114.452099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.307614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   218.705552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1699.533193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.055885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.106790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.829850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.998534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 356                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   309                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          481                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 494                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12942608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    447103011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     460045619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     42072722                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     42072722                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12942608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    489175733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      502118341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12942608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    489175733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     502118341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             356                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.588000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.595020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.608861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.615193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.608861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.615193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 995585.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1013839.027211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1013316.341410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1051818.050000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1051818.050000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 995585.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1016997.365904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1016433.888664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 995585.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1016997.365904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1016433.888664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                268                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     268                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11801208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    408552624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420353832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     38558910                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38558910                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11801208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    447111534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    458912742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11801208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    447111534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    458912742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.588000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.608861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.608861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 907785.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 926423.183673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 925889.497797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 963972.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963972.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 907785.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 929545.808732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 928973.161943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 907785.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 929545.808732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 928973.161943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.045144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         135152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        61.656934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          97.249863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.731457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    71.363634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1864.700191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.034846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.910498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13879884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    104373227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     118253111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1093648                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1093648                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13879884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105466875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      119346759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13879884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105466875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     119346759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.282276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.283843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.305085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.283843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.305085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 991420.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 809094.782946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826944.832168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1093648                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1093648                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 991420.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 811283.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828796.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 991420.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 811283.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828796.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12650684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     93047027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105697711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1005848                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005848                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12650684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     94052875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106703559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12650684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     94052875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106703559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.282276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.283843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.283843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 903620.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 721294.782946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739144.832168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1005848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 903620.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 723483.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740996.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 903620.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 723483.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740996.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          184                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.972128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                          51306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        22.986559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.972128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.235677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    98.104296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1903.660026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.005974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.047902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.929521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          288                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 185                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8189407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    131744672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     139934079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8189407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    131744672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      139934079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8189407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    131744672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     139934079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.391121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.391121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.391121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 629954.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 765957.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 756400.427027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 629954.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 765957.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 756400.427027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 629954.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 765957.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 756400.427027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7047347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    116729416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123776763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7047347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    116729416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123776763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7047347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    116729416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123776763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.373913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 542103.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 678659.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 669063.583784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 542103.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 678659.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 669063.583784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 542103.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 678659.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 669063.583784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          186                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.972678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                          51308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        22.966876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.972678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.246244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    98.837013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1902.916743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.005980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.048260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.929159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          290                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   290                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 186                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10051979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130902666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     140954645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10051979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130902666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      140954645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10051979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130902666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     140954645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.390756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.390756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.390756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 773229.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 756662.809249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 757820.672043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 773229.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 756662.809249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 757820.672043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 773229.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 756662.809249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 757820.672043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8910579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    115711385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124621964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8910579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    115711385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124621964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8910579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    115711385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124621964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.373650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 685429.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 668851.936416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 670010.559140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 685429.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 668851.936416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 670010.559140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 685429.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 668851.936416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 670010.559140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2046.882187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.882187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    16.719880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    38.157488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1950.122632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.008164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.018632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.952208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     90958962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     72410132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163369094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     90958962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     72410132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      163369094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     90958962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     72410132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     163369094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3498421.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1005696.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1667031.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3498421.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1005696.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1667031.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3498421.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1005696.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1667031.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     88676162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     66088532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154764694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     88676162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     66088532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154764694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     88676162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     66088532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154764694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3410621.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 917896.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1579231.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3410621.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 917896.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1579231.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3410621.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 917896.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1579231.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          138                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2046.538305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         118690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        54.295517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.538305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    26.288046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    58.930629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1932.781325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.012836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.028775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.943741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   285                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 138                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73334325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104513326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     177847651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73334325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104513326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      177847651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73334325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    104513326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     177847651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.283163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.281013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.326241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.281013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.326241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2716086.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 941561.495495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1288751.094203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2716086.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 941561.495495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1288751.094203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2716086.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 941561.495495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1288751.094203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 66                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      66                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70963600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94762396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165725996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70963600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94762396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    165725996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70963600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94762396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    165725996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.283163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.281013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.281013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2628281.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853715.279279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1200913.014493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2628281.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853715.279279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1200913.014493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2628281.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853715.279279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1200913.014493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2046.881045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.881045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.711366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    38.121869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1950.166765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.008160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.018614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.952230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95336125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71237620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     166573745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95336125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71237620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      166573745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95336125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71237620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     166573745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3666774.038462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 989411.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1699732.091837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3666774.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 989411.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1699732.091837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3666774.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 989411.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1699732.091837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93052544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64915267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157967811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93052544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64915267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157967811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     93052544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64915267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157967811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3578944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 901600.930556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1611916.438776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3578944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 901600.930556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1611916.438776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3578944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 901600.930556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1611916.438776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          186                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.971335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          51307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        22.966428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.971335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.233013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    98.158329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1903.608658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.005973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.047929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.929496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          289                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 186                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10805458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    131218749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     142024207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10805458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    131218749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      142024207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10805458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    131218749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     142024207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.374459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.391579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.374459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.391579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.374459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.391579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 831189.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 758489.878613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 763571.005376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 831189.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 758489.878613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 763571.005376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 831189.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 758489.878613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 763571.005376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9664058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    116028937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125692995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9664058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    116028937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125692995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9664058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    116028937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125692995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.374459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.374459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.374459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 743389.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 670687.497110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 675768.790323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 743389.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 670687.497110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 675768.790323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 743389.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 670687.497110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 675768.790323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.404943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         135152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        61.656934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          96.854805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.575532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    71.394884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1864.579722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.007117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.034861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.910439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          327                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   327                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10871114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    109140182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     120011296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10871114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    109140182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      120011296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10871114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    109140182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     120011296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.282895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.305732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.282895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.305732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.282895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.305732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 724740.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846047.922481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 833411.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 724740.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846047.922481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 833411.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 724740.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846047.922481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 833411.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 92                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      92                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9549489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     97754207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107303696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9549489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     97754207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107303696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9549489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     97754207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107303696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.282895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.282895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.282895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 636632.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 757784.550388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745164.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 636632.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 757784.550388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745164.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 636632.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 757784.550388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745164.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          379                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         113266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        46.669139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.588090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.355081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   175.810149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1852.246680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.085845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.904417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   344                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          364                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 379                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13647478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    353757570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     367405048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13647478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    353757570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      367405048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13647478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    353757570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     367405048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.514124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.524205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.514124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.524205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.514124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.524205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 909831.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 971861.456044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969406.459103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 909831.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 971861.456044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 969406.459103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 909831.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 971861.456044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 969406.459103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 78                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      78                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12330478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    321798370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    334128848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12330478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    321798370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    334128848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12330478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    321798370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    334128848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.514124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.514124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.514124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 822031.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 884061.456044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881606.459103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 822031.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 884061.456044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881606.459103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 822031.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 884061.456044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881606.459103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.051555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         135152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        61.656934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          97.244413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.733199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    71.557043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1864.516899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.034940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.910409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15714709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    107279432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     122994141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1093797                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1093797                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15714709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    108373229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      124087938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15714709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    108373229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     124087938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.282276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.283843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.305085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.283843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.305085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1122479.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 831623.503876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860098.888112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1093797                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1093797                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1122479.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 833640.223077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861721.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1122479.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 833640.223077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861721.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14485509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     95948401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110433910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1005997                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005997                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14485509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     96954398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111439907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14485509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     96954398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111439907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.282276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.283843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.283843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1034679.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 743786.054264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772265.104895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1005997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1034679.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 745803.061538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773888.243056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1034679.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 745803.061538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773888.243056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          377                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         113266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        46.707629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.589357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.353327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   174.855748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1853.201568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.007008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.085379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.904884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   344                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 377                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13064153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    345954398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     359018551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13064153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    345954398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      359018551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13064153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    345954398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     359018551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.522885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.522885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.522885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 870943.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 955675.132597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952303.848806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 870943.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 955675.132597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 952303.848806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 870943.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 955675.132597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 952303.848806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11747153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    314168964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325916117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11747153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    314168964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    325916117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11747153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    314168964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    325916117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 783143.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 867870.066298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864498.984085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 783143.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 867870.066298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864498.984085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 783143.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 867870.066298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864498.984085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.051830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         135152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        61.656934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          97.243988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.725362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    71.609428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1864.473052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.034966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.910387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16561038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    107117941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     123678979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1733662                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1733662                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16561038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    108851603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      125412641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16561038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    108851603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     125412641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.282276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.283843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.305085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.283843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.305085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1182931.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 830371.635659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 864887.965035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1733662                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1733662                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1182931.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 837320.023077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 870921.118056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1182931.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 837320.023077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 870921.118056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     15331838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     95788804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111120642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1645862                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1645862                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     15331838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     97434666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112766504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     15331838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     97434666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112766504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.282276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.283843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.283843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1095131.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 742548.868217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777067.426573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1645862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1645862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1095131.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749497.430769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783100.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1095131.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 749497.430769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783100.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          184                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.972891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          51304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        22.985663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.972891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.248415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    98.599838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1903.151747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.005981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.048144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.929273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 184                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9348449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    137564243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     146912692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9348449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    137564243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      146912692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9348449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    137564243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     146912692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.374179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.391489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.374179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.391489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.374179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.391489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 719111.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 804469.257310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 798438.543478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 719111.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 804469.257310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 798438.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 719111.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 804469.257310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 798438.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8206565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    122545636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130752201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8206565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    122545636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130752201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8206565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    122545636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130752201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.374179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.374179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.374179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 631274.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 716641.146199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710609.788043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 631274.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 716641.146199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710609.788043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 631274.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 716641.146199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710609.788043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2046.545081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.545081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    26.300885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    59.265871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1932.433244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.012842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.028938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.943571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82936915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99487061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     182423976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82936915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99487061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      182423976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82936915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99487061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     182423976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3071737.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 872693.517544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1293787.063830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3071737.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 872693.517544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1293787.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3071737.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 872693.517544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1293787.063830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80565711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89474238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170039949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80565711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89474238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    170039949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80565711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89474238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    170039949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2983915.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 784861.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205957.085106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2983915.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 784861.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205957.085106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2983915.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 784861.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205957.085106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              472.554359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1553064.157350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.554359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.028132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1483725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 741862.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.938230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.298032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.701968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.458195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.541805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    194842081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194842081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195834825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195834825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195834825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195834825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 230309.788416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230309.788416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91314177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91314177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91522530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91522530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91522530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91522530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 268571.108824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268571.108824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              501.419571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750383306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1494787.462151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.419571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total          90856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total         90856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     19078797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19078797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     19078797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19078797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     19078797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19078797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total        90876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total        90876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 953939.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953939.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 953939.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953939.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 953939.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953939.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13050508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13050508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13050508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13050508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13050508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13050508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1003885.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003885.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1003885.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003885.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1003885.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003885.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125035667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             119765.964559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   174.248205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    81.751795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.680657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.319343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        68837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        55136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       123973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         123973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       123973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        123973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1207550832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1207550832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    365522053                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    365522053                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1573072885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1573072885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1573072885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1573072885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        70717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       126197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       126197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.017623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 642314.272340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 642314.272340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1062564.107558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1062564.107558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 707316.944694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 707316.944694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 707316.944694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 707316.944694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    471484008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471484008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     42404722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42404722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    513888730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    513888730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    513888730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    513888730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 628645.344000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 628645.344000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1060118.050000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1060118.050000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 650492.063291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 650492.063291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 650492.063291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 650492.063291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.730314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              747244003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1506540.328629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.730314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         116726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        116726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     16712674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16712674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     16712674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16712674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     16712674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16712674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       116748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       116748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       759667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       759667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       759667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       759667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       759667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       759667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13996751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13996751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13996751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13996751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13996751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13996751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 999767.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 999767.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 999767.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 999767.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 999767.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 999767.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              117744779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             164908.654062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   156.736727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    99.263273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.612253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.387747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        80437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        67313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         147750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        147750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    537117324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    537117324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68829246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68829246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    605946570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    605946570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    605946570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    605946570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        82018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        67413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.019276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 339732.652751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339732.652751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 688292.460000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 688292.460000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 360467.917906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 360467.917906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 360467.917906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 360467.917906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1583067                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 791533.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    126869977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126869977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1101948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1101948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    127971925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127971925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    127971925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127971925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 277614.829322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 277614.829322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1101948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1101948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 279414.683406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279414.683406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 279414.683406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279414.683406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              538.234615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              643363163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1193623.679035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.234615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.019607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       116127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       116127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         116127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       116127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        116127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8654073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8654073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8654073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8654073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8654073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8654073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       116141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       116141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       116141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       116141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       116141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 618148.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 618148.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 618148.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 618148.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 618148.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 618148.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8297307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8297307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8297307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8297307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8297307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8297307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 638254.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 638254.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 638254.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 638254.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 638254.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 638254.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              150634172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             210677.163636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   141.959612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   114.040388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.554530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.445470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       158210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       194072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         194072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       194072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        194072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    705328803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    705328803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    705328803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    705328803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    705328803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    705328803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       159864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        35862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       195726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       195726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       195726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       195726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426438.212213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426438.212213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426438.212213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426438.212213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426438.212213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426438.212213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    152062538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152062538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    152062538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152062538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    152062538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152062538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 330570.734783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330570.734783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 330570.734783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330570.734783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 330570.734783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330570.734783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              538.245182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              643363468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1193624.244898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.245182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.019624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         116432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        116432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11209850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11209850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11209850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11209850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11209850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11209850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       116447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       116447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 747323.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 747323.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 747323.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 747323.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 747323.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 747323.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10159879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10159879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10159879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10159879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10159879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10159879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 781529.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781529.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 781529.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781529.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 781529.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781529.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  463                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              150634873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             209506.082058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   142.511990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   113.488010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.556687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.443313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       158601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        36168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       194769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         194769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       194769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        194769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1650                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    689126815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    689126815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    689126815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    689126815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    689126815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    689126815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       160251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       196419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       196419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       196419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       196419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 417652.615152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417652.615152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 417652.615152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417652.615152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 417652.615152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417652.615152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    151374585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151374585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    151374585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    151374585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    151374585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151374585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 326942.948164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326942.948164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 326942.948164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326942.948164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 326942.948164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326942.948164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              472.531148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750129890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1553063.954451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.531148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.028095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         121923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       121923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        121923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    149933894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149933894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    149933894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149933894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    149933894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149933894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       121964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       121964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3656924.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3656924.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3656924.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3656924.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3656924.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3656924.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2761553                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1380776.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91304657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91304657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91304657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91304657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91304657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91304657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3260880.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3260880.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3260880.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3260880.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3260880.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3260880.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              108893193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             181791.641068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   117.386748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   138.613252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.458542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.541458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        96245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        70469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       166714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         166714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       166714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        166714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    195796329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195796329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       993299                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993299                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    196789628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    196789628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    196789628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    196789628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        97091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        70481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       167572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       167572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 231437.741135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 231437.741135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 82774.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82774.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 229358.540793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229358.540793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 229358.540793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229358.540793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     90445571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90445571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       208434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     90654005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90654005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     90654005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90654005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 266016.385294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266016.385294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        69478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 264297.390671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264297.390671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 264297.390671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264297.390671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              502.269807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              746680239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1484453.755467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.269807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.043702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       118701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       118701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         118701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       118701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        118701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     89314398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89314398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     89314398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89314398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     89314398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89314398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       118740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       118740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       118740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       118740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       118740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2290112.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2290112.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2290112.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2290112.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2290112.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2290112.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73631271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73631271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73631271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73631271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73631271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73631271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2629688.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2629688.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2629688.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2629688.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2629688.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2629688.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              112791401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             173258.680492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   157.186820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    98.813180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.614011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.385989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       146977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         146977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       146977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        146977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    435509608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    435509608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1156960                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1156960                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    436666568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    436666568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    436666568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    436666568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        81475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        66792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       148267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       148267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000210                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 341308.470219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341308.470219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        82640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338501.215504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338501.215504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338501.215504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338501.215504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123704048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123704048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123896348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123896348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123896348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123896348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 315571.551020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315571.551020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 313661.640506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313661.640506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 313661.640506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313661.640506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              472.522368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750129878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1553063.929607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    17.522368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.028081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         121911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        121911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    154009416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154009416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    154009416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    154009416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    154009416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    154009416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       121951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       121951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3850235.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3850235.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3850235.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3850235.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3850235.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3850235.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3427465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 856866.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95681837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95681837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95681837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95681837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95681837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95681837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3417208.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3417208.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3417208.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3417208.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3417208.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3417208.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              108893180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             181791.619366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   117.289316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   138.710684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.458161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.541839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        96240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        70461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         166701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        166701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    195311607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195311607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       993503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993503                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    196305110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    196305110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    196305110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    196305110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        97086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        70473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       167559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       167559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 230864.783688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230864.783688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82791.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82791.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 228793.834499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228793.834499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 228793.834499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228793.834499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89274023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89274023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       208451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89482474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89482474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89482474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89482474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 262570.655882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262570.655882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69483.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69483.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 260881.848397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 260881.848397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 260881.848397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 260881.848397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              538.231951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              643363553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1193624.402597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.231951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.019602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         116517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        116517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13230005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13230005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13230005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13230005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13230005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13230005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       116534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       116534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 778235.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 778235.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 778235.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 778235.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 778235.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 778235.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10913358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10913358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10913358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10913358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10913358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10913358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 839489.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839489.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 839489.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839489.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 839489.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839489.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  462                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              150634671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             209797.591922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   141.862146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   114.137854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.554149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.445851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       158464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        36103                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        36103                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       194567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         194567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       194567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        194567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    680962458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    680962458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    680962458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    680962458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    680962458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    680962458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       160122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       196225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       196225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       196225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       196225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 410713.183353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 410713.183353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 410713.183353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 410713.183353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 410713.183353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 410713.183353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    151615214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151615214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    151615214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    151615214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    151615214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151615214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 328171.458874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328171.458874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 328171.458874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328171.458874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 328171.458874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328171.458874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              496.574303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              747243775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1503508.601610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.574303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.023356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         116498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        116498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     15337081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15337081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     15337081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15337081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     15337081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15337081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       116517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       116517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 807214.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807214.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 807214.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807214.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 807214.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807214.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10995877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10995877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10995877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10995877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10995877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10995877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 733058.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733058.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 733058.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733058.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 733058.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733058.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              117744327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             165371.245787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   156.690523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    99.309477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.612072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.387928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        80124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        67169                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67169                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       147293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         147293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       147293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        147293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    590479231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    590479231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     45166786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45166786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    635646017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    635646017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    635646017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    635646017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        81711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        67268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       148979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       148979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 372072.609326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 372072.609326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456230.161616                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456230.161616                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 377014.244958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 377014.244958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 377014.244958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 377014.244958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1301738                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 433912.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    131595082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131595082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    131595082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131595082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    131595082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131595082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 288585.706140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288585.706140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 288585.706140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288585.706140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 288585.706140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288585.706140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              557.353840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              765680631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1372187.510753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.353840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.023003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       104614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       104614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         104614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       104614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        104614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17858992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17858992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17858992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17858992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17858992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17858992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       104634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       104634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       104634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       104634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       104634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 892949.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 892949.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 892949.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 892949.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 892949.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 892949.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13789554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13789554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13789554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13789554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13789554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13789554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 919303.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919303.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 919303.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919303.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 919303.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 919303.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              287929988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             298682.560166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   101.535057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   154.464943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.396621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.603379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       265487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        265487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       144688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       144688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       410175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         410175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       410175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        410175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1455435940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1455435940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1455435940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1455435940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1455435940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1455435940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       268126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       268126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       144688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       144688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       412814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       412814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       412814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       412814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 551510.397878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 551510.397878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 551510.397878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 551510.397878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 551510.397878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 551510.397878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1931                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1931                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    380247082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    380247082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    380247082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    380247082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    380247082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    380247082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 537072.149718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 537072.149718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 537072.149718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 537072.149718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 537072.149718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 537072.149718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.732056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              747243972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1506540.266129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.732056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       116695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       116695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         116695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       116695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        116695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     22396240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22396240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     22396240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22396240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     22396240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22396240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       116720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       116720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 895849.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895849.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 895849.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895849.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 895849.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895849.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15831549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15831549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15831549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15831549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15831549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15831549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1130824.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130824.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1130824.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130824.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1130824.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130824.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              117744754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             164908.619048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   157.058926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    98.941074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.613511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.386489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        80413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        67311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       147724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         147724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       147724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        147724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    544342802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    544342802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     90800061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     90800061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    635142863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    635142863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    635142863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    635142863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        67395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       149392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       149392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 343650.758838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 343650.758838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1080953.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1080953.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 380781.092926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 380781.092926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 380781.092926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 380781.092926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1651041                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1651041                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    129789622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129789622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1102097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    130891719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130891719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    130891719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130891719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 284003.549234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284003.549234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1102097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 285789.779476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285789.779476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 285789.779476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285789.779476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              557.352080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              765680730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1372187.688172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.352080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.023000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       104713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       104713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         104713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       104713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        104713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     16050652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16050652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     16050652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16050652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     16050652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16050652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       104733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       104733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       104733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       104733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       104733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 802532.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 802532.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 802532.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 802532.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 802532.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 802532.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13213497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13213497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13213497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13213497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13213497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13213497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 880899.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880899.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 880899.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880899.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 880899.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880899.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  706                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              287930933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             299304.504158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   101.476074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   154.523926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.396391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.603609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       266092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        266092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       145028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       411120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         411120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       411120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        411120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1426868844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1426868844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1426868844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1426868844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1426868844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1426868844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       268714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       268714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       145028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       413742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       413742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       413742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       413742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 544191.016018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 544191.016018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 544191.016018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 544191.016018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 544191.016018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 544191.016018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    372480147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    372480147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    372480147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372480147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    372480147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    372480147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 527592.276204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527592.276204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 527592.276204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527592.276204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 527592.276204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527592.276204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              495.724219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              747243999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1506540.320565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.724219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         116722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        116722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     20090344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20090344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     20090344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20090344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     20090344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20090344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       116741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       116741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1057386.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1057386.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1057386.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1057386.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1057386.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1057386.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16677238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16677238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16677238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16677238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     16677238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16677238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1191231.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191231.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1191231.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191231.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1191231.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191231.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              117744926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             164908.859944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   157.045989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    98.954011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.613461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.386539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        80531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        67366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         147897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        147897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    556442707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    556442707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69197797                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69197797                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    625640504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    625640504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    625640504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    625640504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       149580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       149580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.019278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 351511.501579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351511.501579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 691977.970000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 691977.970000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 371741.238265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 371741.238265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 371741.238265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 371741.238265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       942941                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 471470.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129615837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129615837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1741962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1741962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    131357799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131357799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    131357799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131357799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 283004.010917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283004.010917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1741962                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1741962                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 286182.568627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286182.568627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 286182.568627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286182.568627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              538.247353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              643362884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1193623.161410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.247353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.019627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       115848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       115848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         115848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       115848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        115848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10256115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10256115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10256115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10256115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10256115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10256115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       115862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       115862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       115862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       115862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       115862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 732579.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 732579.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 732579.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 732579.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 732579.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 732579.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9456349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9456349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9456349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9456349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9456349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9456349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 727411.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727411.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 727411.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727411.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 727411.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727411.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              150633819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             211267.628331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   142.483861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   113.516139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.556578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.443422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       157996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        157996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       193719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         193719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       193719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        193719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    736930733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    736930733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    736930733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    736930733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    736930733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    736930733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       159641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       159641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       195364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       195364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       195364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       195364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447982.208511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447982.208511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447982.208511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447982.208511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447982.208511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447982.208511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    157746535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157746535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    157746535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157746535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    157746535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157746535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 345178.413567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345178.413567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 345178.413567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345178.413567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 345178.413567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345178.413567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              502.282897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              746680702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1484454.675944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    27.282897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.043723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         119164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        119164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95960957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95960957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95960957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95960957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95960957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95960957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       119201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       119201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2593539.378378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2593539.378378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2593539.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2593539.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2593539.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2593539.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       900344                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       450172                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83225115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83225115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83225115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83225115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83225115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83225115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2972325.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2972325.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2972325.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2972325.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2972325.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2972325.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              112791885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             171938.849085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   157.521522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    98.478478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.615318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.384682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        80389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        67069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         147458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        147458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    416317247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416317247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1156110                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1156110                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    417473357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417473357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    417473357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417473357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        67083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       148772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       148772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 320244.036154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 320244.036154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82579.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82579.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 317711.839422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 317711.839422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 317711.839422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 317711.839422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    118806137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118806137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    118998437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118998437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    118998437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118998437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 299259.790932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299259.790932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 297496.092500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297496.092500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 297496.092500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297496.092500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
