
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1194601584                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400396743012                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 403216                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   524654                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  40869                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67752928                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29230.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11786094295                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15335785862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        68352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        69504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        43776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               570240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       195712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            195712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1529                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1529                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36216259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14143628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     57217403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14143628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     22822672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2678717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22822672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3000163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14357925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     58181741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2678717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     22822672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     36216259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     36216259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14250776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3107312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     36644853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               477347433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2678717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3000163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2678717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3107312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           41787991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         163830354                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              163830354                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         163830354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36216259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14143628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     57217403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14143628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     22822672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2678717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22822672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3000163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14357925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     58181741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2678717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     22822672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     36216259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     36216259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14250776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3107312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     36644853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              641177787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21309                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008130                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1199186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262235                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       211641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2261283     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27848      1.10%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32178      1.28%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17825      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          20155      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11761      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20760      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         123902      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.418600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       228896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34252                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1463330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1995048                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         18827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       201051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1461089                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2031978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6800982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6800982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         328872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           26274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457079                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948085     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230856      9.15%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124525      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86093      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75189      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38827      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9381      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6093      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           346     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1331     43.86%     55.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145013     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126624      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74669      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5264060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         14011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25186                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.469860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1343086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1342995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2092554                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.468800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980979     79.80%     79.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232711      9.37%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97439      3.93%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58555      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40184      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26391      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13716      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10768      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21659      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3918213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2956102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                341235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.864747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.864747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.349071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.349071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6069752                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1866074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1364081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         195597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67795                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10504                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          529                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2053177                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1225681                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            195597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        78299                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              241394                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         38366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       296757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2837                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          119585                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11959                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2620184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.853271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2378790     90.79%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           8285      0.32%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17699      0.68%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           7212      0.28%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          39466      1.51%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          35510      1.36%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6596      0.25%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          14342      0.55%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         112284      4.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2620184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068277                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.427849                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2039578                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       313712                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          240317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          822                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        25751                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        17101                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1435464                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        25751                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2042773                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        284544                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        20425                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          238134                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         8553                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1433311                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         3517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1689040                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6743135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6743135                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1460714                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         228310                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           22945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       336404                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       168756                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1582                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8253                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1428160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1361410                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1190                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131686                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       321838                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2620184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.312661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2133765     81.44%     81.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147187      5.62%     87.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119892      4.58%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51643      1.97%     93.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65435      2.50%     96.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        62105      2.37%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35572      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2867      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1718      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2620184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3346     10.98%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26333     86.45%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          783      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       855882     62.87%     62.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11733      0.86%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       325724     23.93%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       167991     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1361410                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.475228                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30462                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022375                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5374656                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1560083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1347639                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1391872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2490                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16834                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1750                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        25751                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        279249                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2295                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1428338                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       336404                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       168756                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1479                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6277                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        13875                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1350413                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       324527                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             492470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         176762                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           167943                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.471389                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1347783                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1347639                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          728963                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1437118                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.470421                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507239                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1085771                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1275553                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152915                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        12116                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2594433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2130503     82.12%     82.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170298      6.56%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79388      3.06%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        78577      3.03%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21075      0.81%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        90503      3.49%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6920      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4939      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12230      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2594433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1085771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1275553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               486568                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              319567                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           168459                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1134076                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        12230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4010658                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2882715                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 46042                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                244569                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1085771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1275553                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1085771                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.638450                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.638450                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.379010                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.379010                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6671319                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1568973                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1703284                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2864119                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         222038                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181759                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23450                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90122                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85072                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22407                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2131512                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1242827                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            222038                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       107479                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              257938                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         64970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       118762                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles          591                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          131947                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23300                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2550043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2292105     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          11827      0.46%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18667      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          25102      0.98%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          26611      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          22512      0.88%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          11908      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          18941      0.74%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         122370      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2550043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077524                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.433930                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2110356                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       140956                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          257318                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        41020                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        36276                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1523135                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        41020                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2116495                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         21461                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       105890                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          251576                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        13592                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1521896                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2124288                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7075920                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7075920                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1808206                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         315933                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           42321                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       143219                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        76429                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          853                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        17073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1518990                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432087                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          425                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186800                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       452827                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2550043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1945447     76.29%     76.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       247372      9.70%     85.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125823      4.93%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95848      3.76%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75294      2.95%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29890      1.17%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19060      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9933      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1376      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2550043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           298     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          922     36.65%     48.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1296     51.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1204994     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21272      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129645      9.05%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75998      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432087                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.500010                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5417158                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1706172                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1408533                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1434603                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2828                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25622                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        41020                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         18303                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1223                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1519362                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143219                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76429                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          188                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1035                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12835                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13847                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        26682                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1410727                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121916                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21360                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             197888                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         199930                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            75972                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.492552                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1408612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1408533                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          809427                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2181407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.491786                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371057                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1054327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1297420                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221851                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        23522                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1976916     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       263541     10.50%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100005      3.99%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47293      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39512      1.57%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23216      0.93%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20711      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9036      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28793      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1054327                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1297420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               192428                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              117584                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           187032                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1169033                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        26733                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        28793                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3999488                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3079678                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 34103                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                314076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1054327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1297420                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1054327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.716538                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.716538                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.368116                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.368116                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6347044                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1963708                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1411478                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         163030                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       132913                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17681                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        66633                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          61993                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16153                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          758                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1582415                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts               964961                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            163030                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        78146                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              197929                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         55483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       139905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines           99170                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17679                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      1957413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1759484     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          10403      0.53%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16568      0.85%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          25000      1.28%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          10387      0.53%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          12059      0.62%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          12805      0.65%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9041      0.46%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         101666      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      1957413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.056909                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.336839                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1561344                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       161592                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          196375                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1233                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        36868                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        26440                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          298                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1170216                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        36868                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1565536                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         52972                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        95361                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          193474                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1167434                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         6625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1105                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1596393                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5442267                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5442267                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1308651                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         287736                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          256                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          136                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           37569                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       118691                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        65291                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3249                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        12563                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1163169                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          256                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1083555                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1948                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       181824                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       422674                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1957413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.553565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1494568     76.35%     76.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188615      9.64%     85.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       103601      5.29%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68010      3.47%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        61991      3.17%     97.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18937      0.97%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13847      0.71%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4775      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3069      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1957413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           305     11.70%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1109     42.54%     54.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1193     45.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       892403     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19877      1.83%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          120      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       107288      9.90%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        63867      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1083555                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.378237                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2607                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002406                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4129078                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1345315                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1063264                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1086162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5117                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25971                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4565                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          848                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        36868                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         41326                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1491                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1163425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           42                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       118691                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65291                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          136                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          814                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9511                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11053                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        20564                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1067394                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       101623                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             165348                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         144646                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            63725                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.372595                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1063365                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1063264                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          629764                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1598416                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.371154                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.393993                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       784381                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps       956508                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       207862                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          240                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        17975                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1920545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1532761     79.81%     79.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       184799      9.62%     89.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        76618      3.99%     93.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39033      2.03%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29402      1.53%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16772      0.87%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10404      0.54%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8566      0.45%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22190      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1920545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       784381                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps       956508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               153443                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads               92720                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           132763                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          864859                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        18665                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        22190                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3062725                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2365624                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 28710                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                907340                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            784381                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps              956508                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       784381                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.652247                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.652247                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.273804                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.273804                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        4845210                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1452976                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1108072                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          240                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         222368                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23415                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90594                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85200                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22430                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1097                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2126848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1243406                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            222368                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       107630                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              258123                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         65016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       124503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          131718                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23276                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2550778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2292655     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11843      0.46%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18661      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          24961      0.98%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          26579      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          22685      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          12279      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18678      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         122437      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2550778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.434036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2104902                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       146910                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          257500                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        36307                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1524243                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2111233                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         20503                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       112465                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          251538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        13939                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1522835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         6147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2123948                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7080737                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7080737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1807482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         316466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           42844                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       143702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        76318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        19316                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1519918                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          311                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188885                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456864                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2550778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1945284     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       249142      9.77%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126033      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94387      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75159      2.95%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30307      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19022      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10120      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1324      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2550778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     11.80%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          944     37.01%     48.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1306     51.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1205158     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21245      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129585      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75938      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.499905                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2551                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5417848                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1409012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1434655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         17431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1231                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1520291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12733                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13893                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1411264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       122004                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             197927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         199842                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            75923                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.492630                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1409091                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1409012                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          809555                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2184022                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.491844                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.370672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1053898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1296888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223411                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        23483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1976767     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264553     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99467      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47589      1.90%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40383      1.61%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23108      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20049      0.80%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8900      0.35%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28871      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1053898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1296888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               192338                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              117528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           186960                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1168552                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        26723                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        28871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4001102                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3081696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 34092                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                313975                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1053898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1296888                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1053898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.718245                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.718245                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.367884                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.367884                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6350362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1963593                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1412054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         193946                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174198                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16847                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         127766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10628                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          532                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2058753                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1105549                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            193946                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       138394                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              245524                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         56218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        89192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          125780                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16309                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2432744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.506744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2187220     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          38140      1.57%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18165      0.75%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          37590      1.55%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          10745      0.44%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          35226      1.45%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5145      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8546      0.35%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          91967      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2432744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.385914                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2036588                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       112137                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          244848                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          275                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        38893                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        17229                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1228027                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1699                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        38893                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2039434                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         75494                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        28498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          242033                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8389                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1225222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         6435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1597400                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5539281                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5539281                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1259511                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         337866                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           18893                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       229376                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        33338                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         7429                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1217101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1126992                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1398                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244178                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       517280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            5                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2432744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.073041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1937945     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151964      6.25%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171158      7.04%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96321      3.96%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48341      1.99%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12636      0.52%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13750      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          327      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          302      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2432744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1840     56.91%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          785     24.28%     81.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          608     18.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       878510     77.95%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8174      0.73%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207432     18.41%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32802      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1126992                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.393399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3233                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4691359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1461455                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1096241                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1130225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          849                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50782                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1356                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        38893                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         65617                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1217265                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229376                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33338                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7218                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        17765                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1112127                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204259                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             237042                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         169329                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            32783                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.388210                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1096618                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1096241                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          665829                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1419909                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.382665                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.468924                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868824                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       970660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       246663                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16550                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2393851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.271495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2035246     85.02%     85.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       139201      5.81%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91067      3.80%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27976      1.17%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48567      2.03%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8883      0.37%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5814      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4946      0.21%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32151      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2393851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       868824                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       970660                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               210574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              178592                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           149743                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          845741                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        32151                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3579010                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2473578                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 48015                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                432009                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            868824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              970660                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       868824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.297277                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.297277                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.303281                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.303281                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5180276                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1421728                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1314025                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         193061                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173264                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         126492                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10653                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          520                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2043026                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1099377                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            193061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       137145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              244121                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         56187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        90294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          124947                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16350                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2416651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2172530     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          37696      1.56%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18164      0.75%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          37403      1.55%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          10764      0.45%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          34946      1.45%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5105      0.21%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8413      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          91630      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2416651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067392                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.383760                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2020478                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       113603                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          243469                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          268                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        38830                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17240                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1221965                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1683                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        38830                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2023381                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         78080                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        27250                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          240615                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8492                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1219197                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1590674                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5513118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5513118                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1253128                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         337526                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           19017                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       227353                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        33383                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          308                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         7427                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1210809                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1120930                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243289                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2416651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.074903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1925160     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151071      6.25%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       169366      7.01%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95633      3.96%     96.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48304      2.00%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12613      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13881      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          323      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          300      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2416651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1870     56.96%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          804     24.49%     81.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          609     18.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       874372     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8204      0.73%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       205457     18.33%     97.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32823      2.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1120930                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.391283                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3283                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4663117                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1454279                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1090113                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1124213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50362                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1401                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        38830                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         68051                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          947                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1210975                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       227353                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33383                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          440                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10498                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        17833                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1105841                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       202304                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15089                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             235103                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         168382                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            32799                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.386016                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1090534                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1090113                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          661806                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1414993                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.380526                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.467710                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       863432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       965268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       245759                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16584                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2377821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2021375     85.01%     85.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138379      5.82%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90321      3.80%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27823      1.17%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48427      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8811      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5767      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4931      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31987      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2377821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       863432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       965268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               208969                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              176987                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           148844                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          841248                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        31987                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3556848                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2460923                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 47636                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                448102                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            863432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              965268                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       863432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.317868                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.317868                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.301398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.301398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5149272                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1414521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1306079                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         221632                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181585                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23211                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90097                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85148                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22407                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1076                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2125438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1239623                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            221632                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       107555                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              257596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       127014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          131415                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23048                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2551434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2293838     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          11785      0.46%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19046      0.75%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          24919      0.98%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          26537      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          22406      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          12168      0.48%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          18508      0.73%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         122227      4.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2551434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077365                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432715                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2104225                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       149311                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          256922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          408                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        40561                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        36034                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1519716                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1298                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        40561                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2110516                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         18597                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       116854                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          251047                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        13850                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1518146                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         6101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2118132                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7059477                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7059477                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1807235                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         310872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           42866                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       143267                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        76152                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          862                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        19108                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1515175                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1429175                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          476                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184626                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       448526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2551434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.253869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1946320     76.28%     76.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       249353      9.77%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126171      4.95%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94202      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75022      2.94%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30043      1.18%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19060      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9893      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1370      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2551434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           312     12.32%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          930     36.72%     49.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1291     50.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1202557     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21212      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129473      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75755      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1429175                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.498882                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2533                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001772                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5412786                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1700186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1406029                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1431708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3006                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25752                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1348                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        40561                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         15517                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1221                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1515553                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143267                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76152                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1038                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12860                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13624                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        26484                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1408201                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121801                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20967                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             197531                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         199477                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            75730                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.491561                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1406100                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1406029                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          808204                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2179623                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.490803                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370800                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1053740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1296700                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       218831                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        23282                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2510873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1977687     78.76%     78.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264730     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99719      3.97%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47448      1.89%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40466      1.61%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23115      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19982      0.80%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8951      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28775      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2510873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1053740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1296700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               192308                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              117511                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           186932                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1168386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        26721                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        28775                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3997616                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3071662                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 33956                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                313319                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1053740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1296700                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1053740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.718653                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.718653                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.367829                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.367829                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6337046                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1959859                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1407956                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         164603                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       134175                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17779                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        66950                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62426                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16408                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          780                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1597282                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts               974924                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            164603                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        78834                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              199920                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         55845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       141958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          100026                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      1976590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1776670     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          10533      0.53%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          16665      0.84%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          25241      1.28%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          10409      0.53%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          12276      0.62%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          12804      0.65%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9113      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         102879      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      1976590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.057458                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.340317                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1576074                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       163806                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          198319                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        37133                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        26723                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          299                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1182547                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        37133                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1580300                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         65040                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        85297                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          195398                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        13413                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1179480                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1073                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1613223                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5498830                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5498830                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1322959                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         290259                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          252                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           38135                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       120148                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        66031                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3261                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        12679                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1175204                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1094456                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2066                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183770                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1976590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.553709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1508626     76.32%     76.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       191084      9.67%     85.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104969      5.31%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68340      3.46%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62436      3.16%     97.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19169      0.97%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14043      0.71%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4817      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3106      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1976590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           303     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1123     42.49%     53.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1217     46.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       901076     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20099      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          121      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       108642      9.93%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64518      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1094456                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.382042                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2643                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002415                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4170211                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1359292                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1073647                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1097099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5249                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26399                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4629                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          869                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        37133                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         52795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1627                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1175457                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       120148                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66031                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          899                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9519                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11066                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        20585                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1077867                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102661                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16589                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             167063                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         146019                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            64402                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.376251                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1073749                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1073647                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          636017                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1614210                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.374778                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394011                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       793036                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       966965                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209409                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        18071                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1939457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1547148     79.77%     79.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       187355      9.66%     89.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77516      4.00%     93.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39161      2.02%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29634      1.53%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16957      0.87%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10552      0.54%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8610      0.44%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22524      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1939457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       793036                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       966965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               155151                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads               93749                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           134149                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          874353                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        18856                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        22524                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3093307                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2389888                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 28967                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                888163                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            793036                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              966965                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       793036                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.612387                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.612387                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.276825                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.276825                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        4892801                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1467344                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1119475                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         192946                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173151                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16871                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130276                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         126376                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          520                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2041629                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1098723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            192946                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       137028                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              243966                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         56159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        90208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          124862                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16344                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2414993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2171027     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          37662      1.56%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18159      0.75%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          37363      1.55%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          10764      0.45%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          34908      1.45%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           5102      0.21%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8415      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          91593      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2414993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067352                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.383531                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2019082                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       113512                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          243313                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        38810                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        17240                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1221322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1683                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        38810                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2021977                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         78066                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        27176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          240478                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8483                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1218585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         6518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1589956                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5510478                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5510478                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1252529                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         337411                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           19029                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       227172                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        33381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          311                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7427                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1210195                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1120337                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243189                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515253                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2414993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1923788     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151014      6.25%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       169207      7.01%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95572      3.96%     96.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48290      2.00%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12622      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13877      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          323      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          300      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2414993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1871     57.01%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          802     24.44%     81.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          609     18.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       873956     78.01%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8204      0.73%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       205282     18.32%     97.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32821      2.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1120337                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.391076                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4660271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1453565                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1089532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1123619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50336                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1401                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        38810                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         68047                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          948                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1210361                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       227172                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          440                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10489                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        17824                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1105246                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       202130                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             234927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         168281                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            32797                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.385808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1089957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1089532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          661447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1414513                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.380323                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.467615                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       862915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       964751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       245658                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16576                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2376183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.406009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2019905     85.01%     85.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138333      5.82%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90274      3.80%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27805      1.17%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48393      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8811      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5768      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4932      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31962      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2376183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       862915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       964751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               208813                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              176833                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           148759                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          840814                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        11345                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        31962                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3554617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2459670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 47610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                449760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            862915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              964751                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       862915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.319855                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.319855                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.301218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.301218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5146406                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1413842                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1305270                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         246016                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205039                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93893                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88104                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26036                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2132226                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1348460                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            246016                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       114140                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              280189                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         68113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       219166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          134129                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22990                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.982819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2395210     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          17041      0.64%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21051      0.79%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          34317      1.28%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          14133      0.53%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          18743      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          21389      0.80%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10201      0.38%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         143314      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2675399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.085877                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.470707                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2119637                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       233175                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          278780                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        43635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        37125                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1647893                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        43635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2122241                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          6659                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       220101                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          276312                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6444                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1637040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2286810                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7607543                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7607543                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1877025                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         409778                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           23209                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       154535                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        79015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          852                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        18025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1596027                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1519703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215930                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453038                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.294404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2033092     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       291844     10.91%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119890      4.48%     91.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67488      2.52%     93.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90629      3.39%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28720      1.07%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27844      1.04%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14701      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1191      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10465     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.92%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1280950     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20561      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139318      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78687      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1519703                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530483                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13284                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5729896                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1812348                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1477380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1532987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32558                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        43635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          5058                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1596412                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154535                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13550                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14089                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        27639                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1491193                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136539                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             215206                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         210143                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            78667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.520531                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1477396                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1477380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          885056                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2378411                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.515709                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1091810                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1345464                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250945                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        24141                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2061456     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       289496     11.00%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105094      3.99%     93.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52077      1.98%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47438      1.80%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20124      0.76%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19988      0.76%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9479      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26612      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1091810                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1345464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               199552                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              121976                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           194948                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1211474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        27806                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        26612                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4201561                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3236465                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 34377                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                189354                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1091810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1345464                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1091810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.623857                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.623857                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.381118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.381118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6706854                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2066854                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1521394                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         193648                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174446                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12071                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74526                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67037                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10395                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          523                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2029523                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1213449                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            193648                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        77432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              238897                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         38489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       310409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          118268                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11889                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2607819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2368922     90.84%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           8256      0.32%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          17534      0.67%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7113      0.27%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          38916      1.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          35003      1.34%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           6566      0.25%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          14253      0.55%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         111256      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2607819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067597                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.423579                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2014095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       329192                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          237819                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        25904                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17042                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1420919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1400                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        25904                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2017412                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        296108                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        23688                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          235518                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         9185                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1418697                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         3924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           78                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1672800                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6673952                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6673952                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1443010                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         229785                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           23921                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       332053                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       166708                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1518                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1413436                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1345891                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1210                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132751                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       325052                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2607819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.516098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.307905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2125248     81.50%     81.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147598      5.66%     87.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118830      4.56%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50869      1.95%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64335      2.47%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61267      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35088      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2849      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1735      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2607819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3343     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25939     86.31%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          771      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       846953     62.93%     62.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11655      0.87%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321370     23.88%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165833     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1345891                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.469810                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30053                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022329                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5330864                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1546426                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1332330                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1375944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16807                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1916                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        25904                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        290052                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2468                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1413615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       332053                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166708                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1601                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6239                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        13842                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335051                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320225                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             486012                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         174684                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           165787                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.466027                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1332478                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1332330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          720971                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1423054                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.465077                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506636                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1072173                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1259621                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154172                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        12082                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2581915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2122684     82.21%     82.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169606      6.57%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78477      3.04%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77441      3.00%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20688      0.80%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89219      3.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6822      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4865      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12113      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2581915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1072173                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1259621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               480035                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              315243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           166347                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1119950                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12133                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        12113                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3983582                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2853509                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 45492                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                256934                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1072173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1259621                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1072173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.671913                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.671913                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374264                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374264                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6594110                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1551774                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1684793                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         194244                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174992                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74820                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67346                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10488                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          527                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2036606                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1216233                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            194244                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        77834                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              239643                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         38210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       300329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          118646                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11905                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2605337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2365694     90.80%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           8281      0.32%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17649      0.68%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           7173      0.28%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          39084      1.50%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          35091      1.35%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6571      0.25%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          14346      0.55%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         111448      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2605337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.067805                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.424551                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2020930                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       319373                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          238567                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          821                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        25642                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        17084                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1424799                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        25642                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2024250                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        286524                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        23477                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          236276                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         9164                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1422646                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         4011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1678712                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6692409                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6692409                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1451309                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         227377                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           24007                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       332586                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       166865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1558                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8243                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1417529                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1351049                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131120                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320627                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2605337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2121086     81.41%     81.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147336      5.66%     87.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119580      4.59%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51593      1.98%     93.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64903      2.49%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61175      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35076      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2873      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1715      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2605337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3344     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25877     86.26%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          777      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       851217     63.00%     63.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11695      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321951     23.83%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166106     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1351049                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.471611                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29998                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5338625                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1548886                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1337304                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1381047                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2465                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16783                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1741                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        25642                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        280444                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2481                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1417707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       332586                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1564                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6253                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7577                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        13830                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1340063                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320739                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             486798                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         175487                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           166059                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.467776                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1337445                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1337304                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          723881                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1430625                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.466813                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.505989                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1076970                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1265600                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152230                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        12069                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2579695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2118628     82.13%     82.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169806      6.58%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79115      3.07%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77764      3.01%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21124      0.82%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89174      3.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6914      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4938      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12232      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2579695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1076970                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1265600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               480924                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              315800                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           167230                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1125334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        12265                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        12232                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3985280                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2861336                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 45450                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                259416                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1076970                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1265600                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1076970                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.660012                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.660012                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.375938                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.375938                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6616416                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1559057                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1688179                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2864749                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         222611                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182257                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23443                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90703                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85289                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22456                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1098                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2128845                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1244675                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            222611                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       107745                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              258400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         65096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       124682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          131852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23305                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2553283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2294883     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          11851      0.46%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18683      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          24999      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          26608      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          22710      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          12291      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          18690      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         122568      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2553283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077707                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.434480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2106870                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       147122                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          257778                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41143                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        36337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1525842                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41143                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2113213                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         18963                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       114198                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          251793                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        13964                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1524358                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2126072                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7087807                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7087807                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1809153                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         316919                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           42914                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       143874                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        76386                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          875                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        19354                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521431                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1433431                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          313                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       189151                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457732                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2553283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1947205     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       249403      9.77%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126154      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94463      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75235      2.95%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30329      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19040      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10126      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1328      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2553283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     11.79%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          944     36.99%     48.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1307     51.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1206265     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21265      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129715      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76008      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1433431                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.500369                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2552                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001780                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5423010                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1710968                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1410327                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1435983                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26222                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1506                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41143                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         15885                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1233                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1521804                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143874                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76386                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1047                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12753                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13909                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        26662                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1412580                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       122129                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20851                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             198122                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         200032                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            75993                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.493090                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1410406                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1410327                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          810324                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2186096                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.492304                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1054864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1298086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223726                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        23511                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2512140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1978740     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264790     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99559      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47625      1.90%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40419      1.61%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23132      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20063      0.80%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8907      0.35%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28905      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2512140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1054864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1298086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               192532                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              117652                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           187134                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1169623                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        26744                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        28905                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4005034                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3084774                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 34127                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                311466                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1054864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1298086                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1054864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.715752                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.715752                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.368222                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.368222                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6356317                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1965431                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1413484                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2864750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         210788                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172505                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22385                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87438                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80319                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21360                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2014522                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1203233                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            210788                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       101679                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              263113                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         64410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       208790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          125685                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22119                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2528076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2264963     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          27931      1.10%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          32288      1.28%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          17879      0.71%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          20236      0.80%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11788      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7830      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          20824      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         124337      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2528076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.420013                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1997919                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       226051                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          260763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2084                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        41255                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34345                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1468258                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        41255                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2001451                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         17091                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       199934                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          259318                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         9023                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1465904                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2038795                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6823453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6823453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1708765                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         330030                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           26358                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       140858                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        75617                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15847                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1461877                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1372303                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1981                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       201054                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470588                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2528076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950736     77.16%     77.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231607      9.16%     86.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124960      4.94%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86365      3.42%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75449      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38948      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9412      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6119      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4480      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2528076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           349     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1332     43.80%     55.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1360     44.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1148843     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21361      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127048      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74885      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1372303                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.479031                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3041                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002216                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5277704                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1663365                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1347430                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1375344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3362                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27612                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        41255                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         12281                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1462277                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140858                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75617                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12219                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13052                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25271                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1350467                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118921                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21836                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             193764                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         188309                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            74843                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.471408                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1347521                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1347430                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          801431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2099841                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.470348                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381663                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1003275                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230931                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231362                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2486821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1983746     79.77%     79.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       233445      9.39%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97802      3.93%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58752      2.36%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40312      1.62%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26477      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13751      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10801      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21735      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2486821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1003275                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1230931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               186528                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              113246                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           176144                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1109733                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25034                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        21735                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3927366                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2965849                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32864                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                336674                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1003275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1230931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1003275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.855399                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.855399                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.350214                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.350214                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6089707                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1872357                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1368607                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         194932                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175433                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12033                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76400                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67474                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10485                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          518                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2041093                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1221008                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            194932                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        77959                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              240534                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         38610                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       293546                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          118874                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11861                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2604377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2363843     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           8434      0.32%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17653      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           7199      0.28%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          39056      1.50%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          35268      1.35%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6539      0.25%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          14382      0.55%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         112003      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2604377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068045                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.426218                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2025602                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       312442                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          239468                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          807                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        26054                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        17305                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1430289                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1416                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        26054                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2028903                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        275928                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        27289                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          237209                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8990                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1428068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         3721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          187                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1684616                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6717848                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6717848                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1453296                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         231303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           94                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           23568                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       333489                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       167401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1596                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8344                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1423093                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1354823                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1285                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       134491                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       330009                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2604377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.520210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.310651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2118326     81.34%     81.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147904      5.68%     87.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119761      4.60%     91.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52457      2.01%     93.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65476      2.51%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        60952      2.34%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34876      1.34%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2894      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1731      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2604377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3357     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25717     86.17%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          772      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       853638     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11798      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       322731     23.82%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166576     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1354823                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.472928                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29846                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022029                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5345154                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1557825                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1341130                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1384669                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2472                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17142                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2010                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        26054                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        270149                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2463                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1423275                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       333489                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       167401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           94                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1566                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6103                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        13747                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1343977                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       321391                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             487912                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         175964                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           166521                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.469142                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1341286                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1341130                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          725676                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1434928                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.468149                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.505723                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1078675                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1267488                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155934                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        12049                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2578323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2116413     82.08%     82.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170266      6.60%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79155      3.07%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77806      3.02%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21481      0.83%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89077      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6916      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4983      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12226      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2578323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1078675                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1267488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               481727                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              316339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           167492                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1126978                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        12226                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3989506                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2872927                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 45342                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                260376                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1078675                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1267488                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1078675                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.655807                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.655807                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.376533                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.376533                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6635008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1563073                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1693999                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.847192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.946559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.137669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   101.198080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1829.564884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.011298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.049413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.893342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      208881853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          368                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.950059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         113838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        47.118377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.540531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.594843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   188.970014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1830.844672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.092271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.893967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 368                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66753667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    318067430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     384821097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66753667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    318067430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      384821097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66753667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    318067430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     384821097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.415744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.436019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.434475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.434475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2225122.233333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 941027.899408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045709.502717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2225122.233333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 941027.899408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1045709.502717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2225122.233333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 941027.899408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1045709.502717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64119667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    288385425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352505092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64119667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    288385425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352505092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64119667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    288385425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352505092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.415744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2137322.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 853211.316568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957894.271739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2137322.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 853211.316568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957894.271739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2137322.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 853211.316568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957894.271739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          159                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.666162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        54.089383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.666162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.087828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    62.955582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1939.956590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.007367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.030740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.947244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 160                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50290129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120208767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     170498896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50290129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120208767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      170498896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50290129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120208767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     170498896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.318945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.359551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1862597.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 903825.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1065618.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1862597.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 903825.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1065618.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1862597.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 903825.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1065618.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47919529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    108619167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156538696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47919529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    108619167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156538696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47919529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    108619167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156538696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.318945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1774797.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816685.466165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978366.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1774797.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816685.466165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978366.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1774797.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816685.466165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978366.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          547                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2044.291145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                          87067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        33.590664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks         130.653562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    11.896140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   238.221068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1662.520375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.063796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.005809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.116319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.811778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.998189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            396                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 396                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          348                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   348                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          534                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 547                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10115269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    506317978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     516433247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     40997036                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     40997036                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10115269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    547315014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      557430283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10115269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    547315014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     557430283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          396                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             396                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.585714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.592028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.605442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.611173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.605442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.611173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 778097.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1029101.581301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1022640.093069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 976119.904762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 976119.904762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 778097.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1024934.483146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1019068.159049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 778097.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1024934.483146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1019068.159049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                295                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     295                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8973869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    463115935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    472089804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     37309436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37309436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8973869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    500425371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    509399240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8973869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    500425371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    509399240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.585714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.592028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.605442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.605442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 690297.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 941292.550813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 934831.295050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 888319.904762                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888319.904762                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 690297.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 937126.162921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 931260.036563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 690297.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 937126.162921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 931260.036563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          159                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.664624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        54.089383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.664624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.949025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    63.077484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1939.973491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.007299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.030800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.947253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 159                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59880942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110805961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     170686903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59880942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110805961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      170686903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59880942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110805961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     170686903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.317308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2217812.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839439.098485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1073502.534591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2217812.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839439.098485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1073502.534591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2217812.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839439.098485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1073502.534591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57510342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99215528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156725870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57510342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99215528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156725870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57510342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99215528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156725870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.317308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2130012.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751632.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985697.295597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2130012.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751632.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985697.295597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2130012.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751632.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985697.295597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          240                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.713693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          52165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        22.799388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.242087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.203342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   113.338832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1876.929432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.011818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.055341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.916469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             52                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  52                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   358                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 240                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46528113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192348527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     238876640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46528113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192348527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      238876640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46528113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192348527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     238876640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.403361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.401338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.401338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1723263.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 903044.727700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 995319.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1723263.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 903044.727700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 995319.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1723263.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 903044.727700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 995319.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44157513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    173647127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217804640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44157513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    173647127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    217804640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44157513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    173647127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    217804640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635463.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815244.727700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 907519.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635463.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815244.727700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 907519.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635463.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815244.727700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 907519.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          238                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.689219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        22.820210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.217488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.824850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   112.453481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1879.193399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.054909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.917575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 238                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62502680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200061697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     262564377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62502680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200061697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      262564377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62502680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200061697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     262564377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.400673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.398660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.398660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2500107.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 939256.793427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1103211.668067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2500107.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 939256.793427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1103211.668067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2500107.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 939256.793427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1103211.668067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60306681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181349253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241655934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60306681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181349253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241655934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60306681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    181349253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241655934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2412267.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851404.943662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015361.067227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2412267.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851404.943662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015361.067227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2412267.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851404.943662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015361.067227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          162                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.668305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         119214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        54.016312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.668305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    15.170368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    63.300518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1939.529114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.030908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.947036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          288                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 162                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68141119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    132426637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     200567756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68141119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    132426637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      200567756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68141119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    132426637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     200567756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.359202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.359202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2433611.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 988258.485075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1238072.567901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2433611.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 988258.485075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1238072.567901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2433611.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 988258.485075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1238072.567901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65681932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    120659783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    186341715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65681932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    120659783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    186341715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65681932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    120659783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    186341715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2345783.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 900446.141791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1150257.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2345783.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 900446.141791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1150257.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2345783.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 900446.141791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1150257.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          557                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2043.897140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          87072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        33.450634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.765614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    11.877544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   236.240851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1661.013130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.005800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.115352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.811042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.997997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            401                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 401                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          354                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   354                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          543                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 556                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13604156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    492216505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     505820661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     44231810                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     44231810                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13604156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    536448315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      550052471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13604156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    536448315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     550052471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          401                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             401                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.584019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.605351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.610989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.605351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.610989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1046473.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 990375.261569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 991805.217647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 961561.086957                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961561.086957                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1046473.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 987934.281768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 989303.005396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1046473.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 987934.281768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 989303.005396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                307                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     307                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12462539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    448574866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    461037405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     40192733                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40192733                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12462539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    488767599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    501230138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12462539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    488767599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    501230138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.584019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.605351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.605351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 958656.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 902565.122736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903994.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 873755.065217                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873755.065217                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 958656.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 900124.491713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901493.053957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 958656.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 900124.491713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901493.053957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          238                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.689229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          52166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        22.819773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.217078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.822652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   112.483324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1879.166174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.054923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.917562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   358                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 238                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62463466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200412325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     262875791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62463466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200412325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      262875791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62463466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200412325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     262875791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2498538.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940902.934272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1104520.130252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2498538.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940902.934272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1104520.130252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2498538.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940902.934272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1104520.130252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60257966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181602403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241860369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60257966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181602403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241860369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60257966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181602403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241860369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2410318.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852593.441315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016220.037815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2410318.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852593.441315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016220.037815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2410318.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852593.441315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016220.037815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         132605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        61.249423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.776907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    10.767291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    50.673746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1943.782056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.005257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.024743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.949112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          290                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   290                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12627219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     87382094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     100009313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12627219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     87382094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      100009313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12627219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     87382094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     100009313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1147929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 840212.442308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 869646.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1147929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 840212.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 869646.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1147929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 840212.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 869646.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11661419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     78250894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89912313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11661419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     78250894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89912313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11661419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     78250894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89912313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1060129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 752412.442308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781846.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1060129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 752412.442308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781846.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1060129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 752412.442308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781846.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          368                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.950086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         113824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        47.112583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.536053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.509074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   187.269467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1832.635492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.011479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.091440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.894842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          465                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   466                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 368                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64852978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    333858427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     398711405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64852978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    333858427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      398711405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64852978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    333858427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     398711405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2161765.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 987746.825444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1083454.904891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2161765.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 987746.825444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1083454.904891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2161765.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 987746.825444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1083454.904891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62218207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    304176042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    366394249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62218207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    304176042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    366394249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62218207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    304176042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    366394249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2073940.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 899929.118343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995636.546196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2073940.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 899929.118343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995636.546196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2073940.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 899929.118343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995636.546196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          368                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.949524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         113827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        47.113825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.540531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.496325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   187.568567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1832.344101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.011473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.091586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.894699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          468                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   469                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 368                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66575235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    330718352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     397293587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66575235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    330718352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      397293587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66575235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    330718352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     397293587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.420922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2219174.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 978456.662722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1079602.138587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2219174.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 978456.662722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1079602.138587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2219174.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 978456.662722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1079602.138587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63940711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    301040980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364981691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63940711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    301040980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364981691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63940711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    301040980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364981691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.420922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.419355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2131357.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 890653.786982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 991798.073370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2131357.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 890653.786982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 991798.073370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2131357.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 890653.786982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 991798.073370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          160                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.665532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         119214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        54.065306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.665532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.954863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    63.046108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1939.999029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.030784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.947265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 160                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48051002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110156037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     158207039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48051002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110156037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      158207039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48051002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110156037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     158207039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.359551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1779666.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 828240.879699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 988793.993750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1779666.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 828240.879699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 988793.993750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1779666.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 828240.879699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 988793.993750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45679852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98477797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144157649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45679852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98477797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144157649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45679852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98477797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144157649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1691846.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 740434.563910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900985.306250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1691846.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 740434.563910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900985.306250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1691846.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 740434.563910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900985.306250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2046.843074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.945236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.125307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   101.308556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1829.463975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.011292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.049467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.893293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49543579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    161653707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     211197286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49543579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    161653707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      211197286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49543579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    161653707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     211197286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2064315.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 903093.335196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1040380.719212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2064315.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 903093.335196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1040380.719212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2064315.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 903093.335196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1040380.719212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47436379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    145933799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193370178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47436379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    145933799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193370178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47436379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    145933799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193370178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1976515.791667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 815272.620112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952562.453202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1976515.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 815272.620112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952562.453202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1976515.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 815272.620112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952562.453202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          371                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.952751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         113836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        47.059115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.529203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.905076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   189.432458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1831.086014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.092496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.894085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          476                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   477                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 371                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66301732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    332166725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     398468457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66301732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    332166725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      398468457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66301732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    332166725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     398468457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.419632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.437500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.437500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2286266.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 971247.733918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1074038.967655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2286266.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 971247.733918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1074038.967655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2286266.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 971247.733918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1074038.967655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63755532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    302133456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    365888988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63755532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    302133456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    365888988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63755532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    302133456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    365888988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.419632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2198466.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 883431.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 986223.687332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2198466.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 883431.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 986223.687332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2198466.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 883431.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 986223.687332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.095151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.708087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.095151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141900.997599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   182.362257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    73.637743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.712353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.287647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              565.979654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              768702867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1339203.601045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.209906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.769748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.038798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         119535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        119535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93427058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93427058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93427058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93427058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     93427058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93427058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       119583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       119583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1946397.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1946397.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1946397.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1213441                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 606720.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67069737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67069737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67069737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67069737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67069737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67069737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2163539.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163539.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163539.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  816                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              289291340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             269861.324627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   110.598283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   145.401717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.432025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.567975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       306205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        306205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       166820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       166820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       473025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         473025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       473025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        473025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1393540542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1393540542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       768788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       768788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1394309330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1394309330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1394309330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1394309330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       309193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       309193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       166830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       166830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       476023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       476023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       476023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       476023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 466379.030120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466379.030120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 76878.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76878.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 465079.829887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    353311722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353311722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    353504022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353504022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    353504022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    353504022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 434577.763838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 434577.763838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 433215.713235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              490.197142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              749565853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1490190.562624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.197142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.024354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       131910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       131910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         131910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       131910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        131910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55175433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55175433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55175433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55175433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55175433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55175433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       131946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       131946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       131946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       131946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       131946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1532650.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532650.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1532650.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532650.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1532650.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532650.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       256615                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       256615                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50582909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50582909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50582909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50582909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50582909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50582909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1806532.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806532.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1806532.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806532.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1806532.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806532.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  419                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              113243932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             167768.788148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   141.862214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   114.137786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.554149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.445851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        89570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        74478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       164048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         164048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       164048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        164048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    476512283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    476512283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1266976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1266976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    477779259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    477779259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    477779259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    477779259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        90893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        74494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       165387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       165387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.014556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 360175.572940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 360175.572940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        79186                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79186                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 356817.967886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 356817.967886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 356817.967886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 356817.967886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    139801324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139801324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    139993624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    139993624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    139993624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    139993624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 335254.973621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335254.973621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 333318.152381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333318.152381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 333318.152381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333318.152381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              502.547366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              753291000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1497596.421471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.547366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.020108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        99156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        99156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total          99156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst        99156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total         99156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11010642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11010642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11010642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11010642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11010642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11010642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        99170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        99170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total        99170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst        99170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total        99170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 786474.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 786474.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 786474.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 786474.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 786474.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 786474.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10223363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10223363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10223363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10223363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10223363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10223363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 786412.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786412.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 786412.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786412.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 786412.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786412.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  882                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              125500935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             110282.016696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   184.084474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    71.915526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.719080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.280920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        74631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         74631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        60015                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60015                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       134646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         134646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       134646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        134646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          388                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          388                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1269652735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1269652735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    369631634                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    369631634                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1639284369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1639284369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1639284369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1639284369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        76719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        76719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        60403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       137122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       137122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       137122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       137122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.027216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006424                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006424                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.018057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.018057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 608071.233238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 608071.233238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 952658.850515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952658.850515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 662069.615913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 662069.615913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 662069.615913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 662069.615913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    533773688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    533773688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41345636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41345636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    575119324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    575119324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    575119324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    575119324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000695                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000695                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 635444.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 635444.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 984419.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 984419.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 652062.725624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 652062.725624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 652062.725624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 652062.725624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              490.058764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749565613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1490190.085487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    15.058764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.024133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         131670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        131670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87770644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87770644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87770644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87770644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87770644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87770644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       131718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       131718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1828555.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1828555.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1828555.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1828555.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1828555.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1828555.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60169527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60169527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60169527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60169527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60169527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60169527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2148911.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2148911.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2148911.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2148911.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2148911.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2148911.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  419                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113243811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             167768.608889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   141.973966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   114.026034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.554586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.445414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        89481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        74446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         163927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        163927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    449913622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    449913622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1163094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1163094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451076716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    451076716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451076716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    451076716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        90806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        74460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       165266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       165266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339557.450566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339557.450566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 83078.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83078.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336875.814787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336875.814787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336875.814787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336875.814787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130431227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130431227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130623527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130623527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130623527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130623527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 313536.603365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313536.603365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311750.661098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311750.661098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311750.661098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311750.661098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              550.202095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              646509304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1166984.303249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.086295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.115800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.040202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         125743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        125743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50145290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50145290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50145290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50145290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50145290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50145290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       125780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       125780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1355278.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1355278.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1355278.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46817461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46817461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46817461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46817461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     46817461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46817461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1672052.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672052.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672052.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              151269453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             183134.930993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   151.260918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   104.739082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.590863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.409137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       187876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        187876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       219687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         219687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       219687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        219687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    996828633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    996828633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       937546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       937546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    997766179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    997766179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    997766179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    997766179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       189887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       221709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       221709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 495688.032322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495688.032322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85231.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85231.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493455.083581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217417221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217417221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217609521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    217609521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217609521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    217609521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 383451.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383451.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 381771.089474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              548.824579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              646508473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1171211.001812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.708202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.116377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.037994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         124912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       124912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        124912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87318245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87318245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87318245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87318245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87318245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87318245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       124947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       124947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       124947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2494807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2494807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2494807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      2494807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2494807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      2494807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62776186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62776186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62776186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62776186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62776186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62776186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2414468.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2414468.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2414468.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2414468.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2414468.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2414468.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151267422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             182911.030230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   151.814639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   104.185361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.593026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.406974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       185845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        185845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       217656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         217656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       217656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        217656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1035941518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1035941518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       940454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       940454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1036881972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1036881972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1036881972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1036881972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       187856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       187856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       219678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       219678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       219678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       219678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 515137.502735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 515137.502735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85495.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85495.818182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 512800.183976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 512800.183976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 512800.183976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 512800.183976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225187568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225187568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225379868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225379868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225379868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225379868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 396456.985915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 396456.985915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 394710.802102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 394710.802102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 394710.802102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 394710.802102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              490.278908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              749565319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1487232.775794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    15.278908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.024485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       131376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       131376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         131376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       131376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        131376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75088761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75088761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75088761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75088761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75088761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75088761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       131414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       131414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       131414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       131414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       131414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1976020.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1976020.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1976020.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1976020.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1976020.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1976020.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       261437                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       261437                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68438134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68438134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68438134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68438134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     68438134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68438134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2359935.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2359935.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2359935.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2359935.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2359935.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2359935.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  422                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              113243618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             167025.985251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   142.183086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   113.816914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.555403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.444597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        89302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        74432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       163734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         163734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       163734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        163734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    493576011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    493576011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1265142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1265142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    494841153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    494841153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    494841153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    494841153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        90625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        74448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       165073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       165073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 373073.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 373073.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 79071.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79071.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 369560.233757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 369560.233757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 369560.233757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 369560.233757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152120146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152120146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152312446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152312446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152312446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152312446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 363055.241050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 363055.241050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 360929.966825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 360929.966825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 360929.966825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 360929.966825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              502.548275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              753291856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1497598.123260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.548275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.020109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       100012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        100012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       100012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         100012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       100012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        100012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14483464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14483464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14483464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14483464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14483464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14483464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       100026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       100026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       100026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       100026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       100026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1034533.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1034533.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1034533.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1034533.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1034533.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1034533.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13712521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13712521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13712521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13712521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13712521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13712521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1054809.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1054809.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1054809.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1054809.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1054809.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1054809.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  897                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125502277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             108848.462272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   184.951857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    71.048143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.722468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.277532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        75297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        60690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60690                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         135987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        135987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          388                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          388                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1267760890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1267760890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    363054084                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    363054084                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1630814974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1630814974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1630814974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1630814974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        77412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        61078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        61078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       138490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       138490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       138490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       138490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.027321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.018074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.018074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 599414.132388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 599414.132388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 935706.402062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935706.402062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 651544.136636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 651544.136636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 651544.136636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 651544.136636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          401                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             401                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    520104146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    520104146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     44613610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44613610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    564717756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    564717756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    564717756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    564717756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 611168.209166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 611168.209166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 969861.086957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969861.086957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 629562.715719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 629562.715719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 629562.715719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 629562.715719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              548.822374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              646508388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1171210.847826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.705914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.116460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.037990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         124827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        124827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87268617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87268617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87268617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87268617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87268617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87268617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       124862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       124862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2493389.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2493389.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62736965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62736965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62736965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62736965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62736965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62736965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2412960.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2412960.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              151267250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             183132.263923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   151.806084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   104.193916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.592993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.407007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       185675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        185675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       217484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         217484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       217484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        217484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1033263389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1033263389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       940473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       940473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1034203862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1034203862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1034203862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1034203862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       187685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       187685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        31820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       219505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       219505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       219505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       219505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 514061.387562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 514061.387562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85497.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85497.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225482271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225482271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225674571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225674571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225674571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225674571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 397675.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 397675.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              465.766483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              753010364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1615902.068670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    10.766483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.017254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       134112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       134112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         134112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       134112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        134112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17477842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17477842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17477842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17477842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17477842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17477842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       134129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       134129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       134129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       134129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       134129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1028108.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028108.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1028108.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028108.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1028108.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028108.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12718519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12718519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12718519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12718519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12718519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12718519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1156229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1156229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1156229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1156229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1156229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1156229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              109344352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             168222.080000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   133.331022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   122.668978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.520824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.479176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       104888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        104888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        77202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       182090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         182090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       182090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        182090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254699600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    254699600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254699600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    254699600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254699600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254699600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       105904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        77202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       183106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       183106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 250688.582677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 250688.582677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 250688.582677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 250688.582677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 250688.582677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 250688.582677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107132262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107132262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107132262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107132262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    107132262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107132262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 271909.294416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271909.294416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 271909.294416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271909.294416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 271909.294416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271909.294416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              565.899018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              768701551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1339201.308362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.118967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.780051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.038652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       118219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       118219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         118219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       118219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        118219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90050611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90050611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90050611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90050611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90050611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90050611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       118266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       118266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       118266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       118266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       118266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1915970.446809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1915970.446809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1915970.446809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1915970.446809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1915970.446809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1915970.446809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1205237                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 602618.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65180598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65180598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65180598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65180598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65180598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65180598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2102599.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102599.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2102599.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102599.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2102599.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102599.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              289285077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             273168.155807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   110.371465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   145.628535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.431139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.568861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       302151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        302151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       164611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       466762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         466762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       466762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        466762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1460869114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1460869114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       765468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       765468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1461634582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1461634582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1461634582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1461634582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       305045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       164621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       469666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       469666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       469666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       469666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 504792.368348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 504792.368348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 76546.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76546.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 503317.693526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 503317.693526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 503317.693526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 503317.693526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    368174201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    368174201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    368366501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    368366501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    368366501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    368366501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 460217.751250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 460217.751250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 458737.859278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458737.859278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 458737.859278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458737.859278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              565.887394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              768701930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1339201.968641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.105117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.782276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       118598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       118598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         118598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       118598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        118598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93327237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93327237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93327237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93327237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93327237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93327237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       118644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       118644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       118644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       118644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       118644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2028852.978261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2028852.978261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2028852.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2028852.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2028852.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2028852.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1218315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 609157.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66906636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66906636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66906636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66906636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66906636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66906636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2158278.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2158278.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2158278.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2158278.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2158278.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2158278.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  806                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              289285733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             272397.112053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   110.486111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   145.513889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.431586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.568414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       302481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        302481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       164937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       467418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         467418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       467418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        467418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1435057978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1435057978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       768138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       768138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1435826116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1435826116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1435826116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1435826116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       305432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       164947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       470379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       470379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       470379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       470379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 486295.485598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486295.485598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76813.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76813.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 484912.568727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 484912.568727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 484912.568727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 484912.568727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    365289335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    365289335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    365481635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    365481635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    365481635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    365481635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454905.772105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454905.772105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453451.160050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453451.160050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453451.160050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453451.160050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              490.064298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              749565755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1490190.367793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    15.064298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.024142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       131812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       131812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         131812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       131812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        131812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63302835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63302835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63302835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63302835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63302835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63302835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       131852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       131852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       131852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       131852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       131852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1582570.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582570.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1582570.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582570.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1582570.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582570.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48339728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48339728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48339728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48339728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48339728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48339728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1726418.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726418.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1726418.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726418.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1726418.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1726418.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              113243967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             167520.661243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   141.910011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   114.089989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.554336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.445664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        89567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        74516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       164083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         164083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       164083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        164083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    446776861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    446776861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1157718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1157718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447934579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    447934579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    447934579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    447934579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        90894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        74530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       165424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       165424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336681.884702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336681.884702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82694.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82694.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334030.260254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334030.260254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334030.260254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334030.260254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129788389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129788389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129980689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129980689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    129980689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129980689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 311243.139089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311243.139089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 309477.830952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309477.830952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 309477.830952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309477.830952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              506.082325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750133605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1479553.461538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.082325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         125643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        125643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85510590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85510590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85510590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85510590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85510590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85510590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       125685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       125685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2035966.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2035966.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2035966.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2035966.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2035966.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2035966.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49808431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49808431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49808431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49808431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49808431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49808431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1992337.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992337.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1992337.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992337.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1992337.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992337.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              118204010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             141901.572629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   182.238039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    73.761961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.711867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.288133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        87059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        72850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         159909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        159909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    752054969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    752054969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     52776654                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52776654                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    804831623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    804831623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    804831623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    804831623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        89003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        89003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 386859.551955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 386859.551955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 811948.523077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811948.523077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 400613.052763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 400613.052763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 400613.052763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 400613.052763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189055914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189055914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189248214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189248214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189248214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189248214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 329365.703833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329365.703833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 327986.506066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327986.506066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 327986.506066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327986.506066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              565.294732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              768702160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1341539.546248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.515451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.779281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.037685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.868236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.905921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         118828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        118828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92048143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92048143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92048143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92048143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92048143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92048143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       118872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       118872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2092003.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2092003.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2092003.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2092003.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2092003.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2092003.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1231365                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 615682.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66608981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66608981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66608981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66608981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66608981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66608981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2220299.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2220299.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2220299.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2220299.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2220299.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2220299.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  818                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              289286672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             269354.443203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   110.488851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   145.511149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.431597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.568403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       303150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        303150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       165206                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       165206                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       468356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         468356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       468356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        468356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1419477785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1419477785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       682474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       682474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1420160259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1420160259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1420160259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1420160259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       306081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       306081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       165215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       165215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       471296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       471296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       471296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       471296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 484298.118390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 484298.118390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 75830.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75830.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 483047.707143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 483047.707143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 483047.707143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 483047.707143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    367267033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    367267033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    367459333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    367459333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    367459333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    367459333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 450634.396319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450634.396319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 449216.788509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449216.788509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 449216.788509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449216.788509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
